Even before becoming a Tin Man, Rufus was a man of logic and reason. Every cause had a reaction and most things in life can be reasoned and rationalized. The only exception he’d found throughout his life were people. People weren’t so concrete and predictable. They didn’t always take the most correct path. Madame Marionette surely didn’t and now Mary is doing the same. 
Rufus gave a sigh as he continued to work on the tank that Mary requested. He’d return to his workshop. In the Wasteland, it was quieter than Aurea. He could think clearly on what to do. Though returning to his workshop that day to think things through was only part of it. He reasoned that letting Mary go about this by herself was a worse idea than if he did help her create a tank that would collapse once its contents were full of ice. 
But it didn’t solve the core problem…
“Did I come at a bad time? I thought we had our appointment today,” came a voice who’d just entered the workshop. 
“No, you are right on time,” Rufus said. He tighten the screws of the release mechanism that he’d designed for the tank knowing full well that Mary had a high percentage to die during this performance if nothing was done. 
“Good and I hope all my medical records were to your liking,” Regina beamed. 
Rufus eyed the documents and procedural notes laid out on his table while he worked on the tank. True to her word, Regina Mallory had sent over a full workup of her medical history. He’d gone over it enough times to know that what was was asking was incredibly unnecessary. Yes, she did have genetic markers for an illness that may or may not manifest, but what she wanted was too much. 
“I did,” Rufus said. “Are you sure you want this?”
“Never been unsure in my life. Give me immortality, doctor,” Regina said taking a seat on the table that Rufus had readied in advance. Rufus merely nodded, his mind still on Mary. Giving up her heart to anyone was out of the question according to her —even though that would solve everything. Because, like Regina here who was ready to be cut up and rebuilt, Mary was as human, and by extension, unreasonable, as anyone in all the continent despite being a Grimm. 
“Why won’t she listen to reason?” Rufus muttered under his breath. 
“Did you say something?” Regina asked. 
“No, just had other things on my mind,” Rufus said. 
“Well, stay focused, doctor,” Regina said curtly. “You are about to make history here today!”
Rufus began tracing lines on Regina’s face on where his blade would cut. Medical and mechanical procedures, by their very nature, required different skill sets. On the surface they may seem similar, but as Rufus was discovering, they were just slightly different in their approach. He rose up and approached his desk sipping his coffee. His body giving an involuntary sigh. An undying inquisition captain is not something the world needs nor is Mary dying to appease his late wife. 
“Why is this so important to you?”  Rufus muttered. 
“I refuse to die in my prime,” Regina said. “Unlike the rest of my family, I will not roll over and die before it is actually my time to go. You, doctor, will make that happen.”
“Cosmetic surgery hardly fixes issues of mortality,” Rufus countered. 
“But it can eventually. You’re gonna give me what makes your precious Mary tick. We’ll be two peas in a pod once you’re done with me!”
“Okay, we’ll start then,” Rufus said. He readied the anesthesia apparatus over Regina’s face. Her eyes slowly losing focus until, like Mary many times prior, was past out asleep. 
Rufus buried his hands into his face feeling a fit of coughing take over. He spat out bits of brown coffee, but some red also. He took note of the blood in his cough. Body is failing faster than I expected, he thought to himself. How long he had, Rufus had stopped keeping track. Beneath his lab coat were more metal than human that Rufus would care to admit to anyone. It was only during these moments where he regretted becoming a Tin Man. Because if he wasn’t…maybe he could be the one to take Mary’s heart. 
Then a thought occurred in Rufus’s mind. He eyed one of the older pacemakers that he’d made for Mary. It was more of a prototype that he’d once created to test proof of concept that something can hold a Grimm’s heart. Perhaps he could solve both his Mary problem and his Regina problem in one go. He immediately began drafting out the hypothesis of his idea on his blackboard. The chalk creaked and cracked with every stroke movement until Rufus laid it down and nodded. 
“This could work.” He turned over toward Regina sleeping peacefully and readied his gloves and surgical knife. “This is all to save Mary.”


