Rain was a rare occasion in Aurea. When the rains did come, the damage was often relentless as the showers pummeled the streets causing shops to come to a standstill, people rushing to and fro to make the next train or into their place of work. Puddles populated the cobblestone streets along with scattered sheets of flyers and papers promoting the long awaited show with both Gillian Rose and Patchwork Mary.
It was an unspoken rivalry between the Baron and the Madame into who had the best performance hall. They’d of course joke and banter about the topic, but they did so knowing that there was no true way to compete against each other until now. So naturally, when the Marquis’s ink was dried on his approval of such an event, both companies were hard at work at marketing this showdown as the event of the century.
So when news spread of Patchwork Mary and Gillian Rose showcasing their talents in the same show, all ears perked up and every head turned in wild curiosity. No expenses were wastes in advertising the two performances side by side in a clash of the century. Posters were hung all over Aurea with the 15th of March engraved in large bold copper letters.
Regina stepped on one the many water soaked flyers as she walked through the rain. True to his word, Rufus performed the first round of surgeries. It took a few months to recover enough to go out in public, but the Tin Man was an artist. He not only got rid of her aging wrinkles and crow’s feet, but had sculpted her face and body in ways where she looked flawless. He claimed it was because of a core part he installed in her chest, which did weigh heavy on her. However, she trusted him now more than ever knowing what he was capable now. She relished that her last round of surgeries would be arriving so soon. It be on the same day as the fabled rival performance: March 15th. Pity she wouldn’t be able to see Mary’s performance, but her beauty waited long enough. Did it hurt? Excruciatingly so. Though she was definitely not expecting it to be as heavy she felt. She continued to lumbered through the dark streets of Aurea. In truth, she could have gotten an umbrella or something to keep her uniform from getting soaked, but the rain fell cool to the skin in the way blood felt when she’d bath in the magical blood of witches.
Part of Regina was almost disappointed that Mary was human. Regina felt a paper stuck to her heel and ripped it off to see the smiling faces of both Mary and Gillian back to back eyeing each other with their arms crossed.
“She must weigh a ton,” Regina said to herself. She sighed and continued her way until she felt an umbrella over her head.
“Captain! Colored me surprised, but I wouldn’t think you be so bold to out without an umbrella,” Mary said.
“Mary, I was just thinking of you,” Regina said. She smiled and brushed a hand over her wet hair. She looked so different off stage. No frilly outfits, no accenting her stitches and scars. No, this Mary was just in everyday clothes. Red hood on and a dingy umbrella in hand.
“I know you’re not from here, but I figured someone would have warned you that the rains here are brutal,” Mary said. “Patrol or not, it’s dangerous to be out here for so long. You’ll catch a cold, Captain.”
“Fine, I can use a drink anyway,” Regina said. She nursed her chest as they walked underneath Mary’s umbrella.
“What’s wrong with your chest?” Mary asked.
“Surgery recently,” Regina said. They two of them made it into a local tavern. It wasn’t the fanciest place, but at least they found a table by the fireplace. Most of the regulars were already piss poor drunk by the time the two women arrive. But took no notice to both Regina and Mary. More or less because of Regina’s uniform.
“They don’t recognize you?” Regina asked.
Mary shook her head.
“A lot of people have been dressing like me lately. Whether they need bandages or not. Praise or homage, it has made things easier,” Mary said. She said holding up her arms. “I actually prefer they don’t notice me outside the stage.”
A waiter came by and offered them ale to which both Mary and Regina agreed to. Regina leaned back in her chair and sipped her drink before laying it on the table.
“Must be nice,” Regina said. A tinge of ice in her voice. “To become invisible when you can.”
“It is,” Mary said.
“Then you go on stage and become something entirely different,” Regina said. Her arm started to hurt. She nursed chest, wincing at the pain —always watching as Mary would effortlessly pick up her goblet and set it down. Her chest seemed to throb more around Mary. “I really don’t know how you do that. And you have bandages all over your body?”
“Ah, yes, but that’s just comes with the condition I have,” Mary said sheepishly.
Regina reached out a hand and lay it over Mary’s right hand.
“May I?” Regina said.
“But of course,” Mary said. “I wouldn’t undo the bandages though. I wouldn’t subject what’s underneath to anyone.”
Mary gave a light laugh as Regina lifted Mary’s right arm. Her eyes wide realizing how different Mary’s arm felt compared to hers. Lighter even.
Rufus had lied.
“And you mentioned how Rufus does all your check ups on your… “condition?” Regina said. Her eyes narrowing.
“Yes, he does. Though it’s a bit of a complicated process,” Mary said. “Or at least I’m told.”
“Your arm is so light,” Regina said. “Is that the same with all your body that had to be replace?”
Her last words lingering in the air, biting it almost like a knife against the tense air.
“Perhaps? I have’t noticed. I may have gotten used to it,” Mary said. She indignantly shook her head.
This bitch must be lying too.
“Remind me. What is your condition again?” Regina said. She wag a finger at Mary’s face.
“Cold. I get cold very easily,” Mary said curtly.
“Frostbite even from what I heard,” Regina said. “Reminds me of a case I had when a Grimm’s heart broke. The chill and cold I felt that day extracting the bodies. You ever met a Grimm before, Mary?”
“Can’t say I have, Captain Mallory,” Mary said.
“I pieces of the broken heart in my rings, you know?” Regina grinned. “Good luck and all.”
“You don’t say,” Mary said.
“You’re human though.” Regina sighed. “We both are. The limitations. But you…appear bigger and grander than us mortals on that stage. Lying for living even. You wouldn’t think of lying to me off stage either, right Mary?”
“I would never do that, Captain,” Mary said. “We at the Golden Aurea have been transparent with my methods as you know. Are you doing okay, Captain Mallory? Perhaps we both had enough to drink.”
This time it was Mary who was clutching her chest. Regina played with the rim of her drink before coyly looking up at Mary. Her eyes scanning for any of the tall tell signs of the monsters she hunted. She needed proof. Something!
“Any idea on your next trick?” Regina said.
“I don’t,” Mary said. This time she sunk into her seat and sighed. “But I’m always on the lookout for new ideas.”
“Oh, I can imagine,” Regina said. She was LYING. SHE WAS A LYING BITCH. Her blood would be good enough to give her the youth she craved. It would show both her and Rufus for LYING to her. Regina reached down into her waist belt and pulled her pistol out. She down her drink and slammed it down on the counter. She leaned forward against the table.
All noise and sounds didn’t register as a ringing held in Regina’s ear. She held the gun to Mary’s face, placing the barrel square between Mary’s forehead. Mary, on the other hand, sat frozen in place at Regina’s action.
“I heard as your audition, you caught a bullet that the Madame shot at you,” Regina said. “Would you be able to dodge this shot if I fired right now?”
Regina lay down the pistol and began laughing. Mary joined in nervously. She moved the pistol away from Regina. She held the gun in hand, always cautious to look at Regina while holding it.
“As I’ve explained, that was just a trick,” Mary said nervously. “Not the safest thing to do having someone point a gun at you. If the proper precautions aren’t made, people can get seriously hurt.”
“But you did it though,” Regina said. “Can you remind me of the method again?”
Mary eyed Regina.
“Magnet rod that extracted the bullet before firing,” Mary said.
“Ah that’s right,” Regina said. Regina gave a large smile and brushed a lock of wet hair up and sheathed the pistol. The rain had started to break as the clouds started to roll away releasing a ray of sun amongst the gloom. Regina rose to her feet.
“Pleasure having this drink with you, Miss. Mary,” Regina said. She held out a hand over to Mary and waited feeling the weight and pain of it as she awaited Mary’s hand to meet hers.
“As was mine,” Mary said. She met Regina’s hand. “This has been quite the conversation, Captain Mallory.”
“You have no idea,” Regina said.

Aurea at night was far different than Aurea during the day. The bustling streets were replaced with drunkards and seedy individuals who partook in all evening activities that Aurea had to offer —whether legal or not. Th rain had also stopped along with the coming of night. The lights illuminated everything the rain left behind as the Right Light District woke up and thrived underneath the moon’s rays.
Mary raced through the streets, holding a hand to her chest. People looked at her for only a second before she blended into the crowd that shuffled up and down the streets. Captain Mallory’s words still echoed in her head. She closed her eyes before shaking off the thought quickly.
Did she know? Perhaps Rufus was right all along. Mary hurried through the streets Her eyes squinting the hazy yellow hue of Aurea’s red light district. A few men cat called at her, but she only glared at them before moving forward. Even she didn’t know where she was going, but wherever it was, she knew it wasn’t the Domus Aurea. Her feet eventually grew sore and she sat at the bench.
At this point, she had no idea where she was. She just wanted to be home. She paused feeling frost accumulate on the brick walls she touched. Her thoughts flashed to the Wasteland and then her private flat at the Golden Aurea almost meshing together in her mind.
However, her potential slumber was interrupted by a voice in front of her that caused her to unpleasantly open one of her eyes to see a man in a bowler hat with a little boy holding a balloon. Mary exhaled a deep breath before putting on a big smile.
“You’re Patchwork Mary, aren’t you?” The man said.
“I am,” Mary said. “Would you like an autograph?”
“Oh, actually, my son,” The man said cautiously. “We’re much too poor to see your show. The tickets to the Domus go on sale and off sale as quickly as hot cakes. I was wondering…can you do a trick for him?”
“Of course I can,” Mary said. Then a glint in her eye as she rose to her feet, knowing exactly what she’d do. She was about to prove Madame Marionette wrong. She stood up on the bench and spoke in her stage voice. “In fact, I’ll do a impromptu show for you. Ladies and Gentleman of this fine park, who wants to see Patchwork Mary in all her glory?”
Immediately, a crowd started to form around the bench she stood on. She started her act with basic disappearing and reappearing card tricks that used various pickpocket methods she’d repurpose for her needs. She made a man’s watch “disappear” and reappear in another spectator’s pocket. Then when the audience was good and fat, she’d go for the kill.
“You’ve been a wonderful audience tonight. However, my next trick is not for the faint of heart. May I borrow a gun from a member of the audience?” One man approach the bench with a hand gun. “Thank you sir, but can you also empty this gun as well. Show everyone that there are no live rounds in this fine firearm of yours.”
The man did as instructed. The crowd watched in awe and silence at what the next trick Patchwork Mary would perform.
“Very good,” Mary continued. “Now, hand me a single round. I shall catch a bullet in my hands!” The crowd immediately murmured. “Calm calm. This will be completely safe. Though, this is not for the faint of heart. This trick does come with some very real risks, so if anyone here wishes to look away at this time, I suggest you do so.”
No one turned away or left. Mary smiled a wide smile and beamed at all the people who had gathered who hung on her every word.
“Very well,” Mary said. “I shall load this bullet as so.”
However, she loaded it up normally. No magnetic rod. However, as she was about to hand the gun to the participant, she was interrupted by a gloved hand taking it instead.
“I’m afraid there will be no free shows,” Madame Marionette said. “However, I do hope everyone here appreciates the preview that our Patchwork Mary has provided tonight! So I offer the audience here free tickets to the upcoming show showcasing Patchwork Mary and Gillian Rose!”
Madame Marionette nodded to her attendant who nodded and started handing out tickets as she dragged Mary by the hand into the carriage. Mary could see the coldness in Madame Marionette’s eyes and looked away in silence. Madame Marionette hastily shoved Mary into the carriage with her non-cane holding hand. She then proceeded to join Mary inside and out of the damp coldness of the night. However, not before the Madame realizing she still had the gun, unloaded the barrel. It was then Mary realized that Madame Marionette knew the gun was really loaded unlike during her audition.