Madame Marionette watched from the corner of her eye as Mary sit in silence in the carriage. It was both too familiar and annoying. Though not as annoying and familiar as what she almost witnessed. 
“Are we going to talk about it?” Madame Marionette said. 
Mary remained silent as she leaned against the side of the carriage window, refusing to meet Madame Marionette’s eyes. 
“It was a mistake. Simple as that,” Mary said. 
Madame Marionette blinked. 
“Giving an actual loaded gun to a participant was a mistake to you? You knew exactly what you were doing! No one threatens their own life without—”
“Fine!” Mary shouted. “I was under a lot of stress then! I won’t ever be careless like that again, can we move on from it? I’m going to let that happen again.”
“No!” Madame Marionette grabbed Mary’s hand. The two looked into each other’s eyes. “What would have happened if wasn’t there at that moment? You could have died! You could have—”
“Ruined your big show," Mary finished. “Because that’s what it’s all about isn’t it? The show! The Golden Aurea! You only care about me because I serve a purpose! Rufus was right this is getting too dangerous.”
“What are you talking about?” Madame Marionette said. “My dear girl you are going to have to fill in a lot of gaps in what you just said because you are simply not making sense! What did Rufus say?”
“It doesn’t matter!” Mary said. Tears swelled up in her eyes as frost began to spread to the windows of the carriage.  “Regina knows. She knows what I am. I don’t know how, but after my performance she’s going to come for me and then take away Rufus. It’s all my fault.”
Madame Marionette was silent for a moment as she could see her breath in the carriage. A chill overtaking the both of them. 
“How could she know? That’s impossible!” Madame Marionette said. “What on all the continent did she say to you Mary?”
“I’m not wrong am I?” Mary cried. “Still you want some way to salvage the show! I thought you actually cared about me! I need you to keep me safe from that woman!”
“I will,” Madame Marionette said slowly. She parted a lock of hair behind her ear looking out at the posters layered all across the streets on the upcoming performance. “I do care about you, Mary. She won’t dare touch you when you’re on stage. That can be our chance.”
Mary’s eyes were puffed and red as she held a hand to her chest. She looked at Madame Marionette. Madame Marionette met her gaze. They shared a long silence before Mary took a breath and spoke. 
“Take my heart then,” Mary said. 
“You already know you’re in mine,” Madame Marionette said. She readied to hug the young girl, but Mary pulled away. 
“No!” Mary said. “Really take it then. My Grimm heart. Take it. If you care about me. Take it.”
Madame Marionette was quiet for a moment. The idea mulling over in her head. However, her life flashed before her eyes. The years she spent rebuilding her career after her fall. The steps she took to become Madame Marionette. The sacrifices she made along the way…  She nodded her head a few times before ultimately shaking it. 
“Mary, you know I care about you,” Madame Marionette said. “But you ask too much.”
“Please Madame,” Mary said. “Please, I’d be the best daughter to you.”
“Mary. Mary.”
“I’ll do anything. Just have me, please,” Mary said. 
“I can’t!” Madame Marionette said. The words came out so naturally that it even surprised Mary. She held a hand to her mouth and stared wide eyed at Madame who stood leaning against her desk cross armed before rushing out the carriage. “Wait!”
The sounds of Mary footsteps fading in the distance, Madame Marionette slowly limped out of the carriage, but Mary was long gone disappearing into the night. She sat back down in the carriage.  However, she realized her hand was shaking. She lay an arm over the hand and sighed.
“I really am a terrible woman.”

It’s hard to say how long and far did Mary wonder on that rainy night. For a woman who didn’t get sick, but only cold, one would think she could only last so long in the rain. However, that night she felt nothing. Numb. Unwanted and unsure if it was rains or tears that fell down her cheek as she walked aimlessly through the empty streets of Aurea. 
The Wasteland and the Golden Aurea seemed so foreign to her at the moment. Eventually her patchwork legs lead her to the Gate where a panicked voice rushed over to her. That was when Mary passed out. 
However, when she woke, her clothes were dry. Well, they would be if they were actually her clothes she was wearing. She looked around the room she was in and the bed she laid in to see Gillian rush over to her side. 
“Mary! I’m so glad you’re awake,” Gillian said. 
“Where am I?” Mary said. 
“The Gate,” Gillian said. “My private apartment here to be exact. No one will bother us here.”
Mary glanced around lazily to see that Gillian was perhaps messier than her perfect persona projected. Clothes were scattered. Some even being male clothes, Mary noticed. 
“I’m quitting,” Mary said quietly. 
“What? Mary you can’t mean that!” Gillian exclaimed. “What happened?”
Mary peered into Gillan’s green eyes, feeling a pulsing hurt come from her heart as she was reminded of Madame Marionette’s rejection. 
“The Madame doesn’t want me. No one wants me,” Mary said quietly. 
“That’s not true. You see that?” Gillian said pointing out the window. “They all want you. The crowd the audience wants you. The Madame….is a difficult person. I know this more than anyone. If not for her or them, I want to at least perform with you once, Mary! You’re my dear friend. To share a stage together just once…isn’t that exciting.”
Mary just gave a small smile and looked out the window where a crowd of people had gathered to cheer Gillian on in the upcoming performance later that month. Similar to the crowd that usually gathered at the Golden Aurea. 
“Then it shall be my final performance,” Mary said. To Gillian, she probably assumed Mary was retiring, but to Mary, Rufus’s warnings rang through her entire being. “We’ll make it a show to remember then.”