Like Mary, Rufus saw the gold paint that adorned Mary’s debut performance poster. However, he was reminded more of another once upon a time aspiring performer. Even down to their silhouettes, they looked alike so much that Rufus had to blink a few times to make sure he wasn’t reliving a memory. His hand pressed up against the dried paint, tracing the letters they spelled out: Aurea’s newest start! At first, felt pride and joy at seeing how the city celebrated Mary’s performance, but he’d live this story before. His hand slid off, taking bits of dust, chips of paint, and cobble that fell off the wall. Regina’s words echoing in his ear. 
“Or maybe you are keeping other secrets that I should dig up if I haven’t convinced you yet.”
He never wanted this. He never wanted to put Mary in harms way. Chateau was suppose to keep her safe. She was suppose to love Mary! Take her in! And maybe one day…Mary would want to give her heart to Madame because he couldn’t accept it. He looked down at his mechanical leg as a horse cough escaped his lungs. Blood now spewing from his mouth that he quickly wiped away as he made his way closer to his destination. However, as he got closer to the Golden structure in the distance, Rufus became aware of the crowd that had gathered outside the same structure. 
Now, Rufus had gotten used to the looks and hushed voices whenever he walked the streets of Aurea. The scary scientist that is more machine than man. Someone who ripped their heart out in exchange to work forever. He’ll kidnap you and turn you into one of his experiments if you weren’t a good boy or girl. God forbid you were late for supper because a Tin Man will grind your bones and blood to make his iron. Rufus had heard them all as a child growing up in Aurea. 
Obviously, none of it was very true, but it kept people away and that’s what Rufus liked. 
But this was the first time that a crowd actively stared at him and took notice of what he was without fear. In fact, some were even smiling as he approached the Golden Aurea. 
“That’s the Tin Man who made what she did possible!” A few would shout, while others would shout, “he’s want makes what she does look like magic!” “He makes her a Great Pretender!”
Rufus cocked his head, but shook off the throng of people that gradually surrounded him as he walked until he was escorted safely into the large halls of the Golden Aurea. 
“Get your hands off me!” Rufus said to the security who held his arms like an old man. “Chat—the Madame! I must see her at once!”
“Rufus! Just the man I wanted to see!” Came a voice coming down the stairwell. Madame Marionette spotted Rufus and immediately beckoned him up with her cane hand, while still supporting herself on the banister. It was then under the light that cascaded into the entrance hall that Rufus noticed how the two of them had aged. Both limping, but her…looking still as stunning as she had in her youth. Just a few more wrinkles on her face that he’d remember and perhaps a few strands of white in her hair, but he could never tell because her hair was naturally blonde anyway. 
“My thoughts exactly,” Rufus said breathlessly. He caught up to Madame Marionette and matched her limping stride as they went to wherever it is she was leading him to. “What in all the continent is going on out there? I need to see Mary. I was wrong to bring her here. She’s not safe here!”
Madame Marionette stopped just as she was about to open the door they’d arrived at. 
“What are you talking about? She’s completely safe here!” Madame Marionette said. 
Rufus looked to make sure they were not being overheard. 
“The inquisition came to visit me,” Rufus said in a hushed voiced. 
“Oh that?” Madame Marionette said. She waved her hand. “That’s been handled. As is your role in Mary’s career. Come look!”
Madame Marionette opened the door to reveal blueprints upon blueprints littering most surfaces that Rufus could see with Mary in the middle inscribing notes on each design. 
“Rufus!” Mary exclaimed. She trudged through the papers and gave him a hug that nearly knocked him over. Rufus readied himself to push her away, but instead leaned into the hug. 
“I’m glad you’re safe,” Rufus said quietly. 
Mary recoiled back and cocked her head. 
“Of course I’m safe!” Mary said. “Never better actually. Did you tell him?”
“No, not yet,” Madame Marionette said. “I figured we should tell him together, but seems he’s got something to say to you as well.”
“What is it Rufus?” Mary said. “I missed you.”
Rufus looked into Mary’s emerald eyes and readied to tell her everything he wanted to. How he was going to take her away from this place. How this was all a mistake. How it was stupid to bring her into this life in the first place. However, what came out of his mouth was far different. 
“Are you doing okay? Did they hurt you?” Rufus said. 
“I’m fine, Rufus! You worry too much! Yeah, they took me and roughed me up a bit,” Mary said. Then she gave Madame Marionette a knowing look. “But the Madame and I have come to a sort of understanding. She’ll never let something like that happen again. No secrets between us.”
“None at all!” Madame Marionette emphasized. 
The bottom of Rufus stomach ached knowing the weight of the secrets he kept from both of them. He looked at the two who seemed to be getting along swimmingly as they returned to taking notes on various plans and poster designs. One particularly caught Rufus’s eyes. 
“Great Pretender,” Rufus read. “I heard on of them shout this outside. What is this?”
“Ah,” Madame Marionette said. She seemed to float her way to Rufus’s side and took him by the hand to include him into the girls’ circle of ideas. It was almost familiar to a different time that Rufus shook his head to snap himself out of his revere. “This is what we’re calling what Mary does. She’s a Great Pretender. It’s not magic. Just pretend!” 
“It’s brilliant isn’t it? I came up with the idea,” Mary said. 
“What does it mean exactly? Rufus said. 
“Meaning that we have a framework of understanding for people to grasp now!” Madame Marionette said. She held out a hand as if displaying the words to an invisible crowd. “Great Pretender! New word for a new time! Performances are changing. People are changing! So now we have Patchwork Mary: The First Great Pretender. Someone who does impossibly looking feats for a crowd while everything she does can be explained with fact and logic!”
Rufus nodded and pursed his lips knowing exactly where this conversation was heading.
“No,” he said. He readied to leave, but was held back by Mary holding onto his hand. 
“Rufus, please,” Mary pleaded. “I need your help. You saw it right? They weren’t afraid of you either outside? We already started spreading the news about how a Great Pretender performs. They must have a Tin Man working with them. The two work in conjunction. The mechanic and the performer. They weren’t afraid of me either, Rufus. They looked at me. Really looked at me when they see me now.”
Rufus eyed Madame Marionette who hovered over the two almost half expectantly. Though she tried her best to keep busy doing other things as if she wasn’t; listening into their conversation. Rufus sighed. 
“I just worry about you, kid,” Rufus said. “But if it gets too dangerous, we’re leaving! Back to the Wasteland or beyond to somewhere safe. You need to promise me that.”
“Fine, fine,” Mary said. “But you’re really help me?”
Rufus eyed Mary and felt the chill of her hands against his knowing that deep within Mary was a heart that one day needed to taken care of forever. He then looked over at Madame Marionette who looked at Mary with something he hadn’t seen in a while from the Madame. Love in the Madame’s eyes to someone other than herself. It was brief a but a wisp of a thought flew in the air into his ear. 
Maybe this would help them get closer. 
“Always,” Rufus said. “Now we did you have in mind?”
Madame Marionette and Mary let out a unified sigh of relief as the two of them frantically smiled at Rufus and brought over a few dozen sheets of paper. Some blueprints, some posters. All frantic talking at once that Rufus could barely distinguish. Rufus did his bests to distinguish each paper that was thrown at him, but for the grumpy old Tin Man, he couldn’t help but laugh as, for a man without a heart, he felt more at home at that moment than he had in ages. 
