Chapter Six: The Bloody Regina

A murmer could be heard as Regina Mallory made her way through the halls of North Province Inquisition Headquarters. Normally the Inquisition wouldn’t care about the Golden Aurea and their new star, but the posters promised something unusual, something different, and magical.
That simple word was dangerous. It was a word uttered with cold sweat out of fear that the words would reach the inquisition. Because as much as people feared witches and monsters and all its oddities on the continent, people feared the inquisition more. And no one was more feared in the inquisition than Captain Regina Mallory. 
“Here is my report, sir,” Regina said. She laid a thick document down on the desk of Commander Rowen. She stood at ease with her hands behind her back. She was tall with long brown hair that was tied in a bun underneath her uniform hat. She like everyone else in the inquisition wore the signature black and blue uniform of the inquisition. A red saber lay at her side along with a pistol. 
Commander Rowen picked up Regina’s report and thumbed through it while twirling his white mustache —his only hair since he went bald a few years back. He paced around his office, giving the report an approving nod. 
“Well done. I  knew it was the right call assigning you to snuff out the dark forests,” Commander Rowen said. However, stopped in his tracks after reaching a page in the report. His brow furrowed. “Your report says you apprehended seven witches and wizards in the forest. Our intelligence said there were possible eight. Was there no eighth.”
“No, the intelligence report was correct,” Regina said. She hung her head before raising it up to meet the commander’s gaze. “However, I failed to apprehend the fugitive. He managed to escape and my men and I were unable to catch him. I have again failed to apprehend all my targets. I must reflect on my methods and be more aware for future missions. I’m sorry, Commander sir. I have failed you.”
At this, Commander Rowen laid down the report on his desk and gave a throaty cough. He waved a hand at her and shook his head. 
“You failed me none. Raise your head high, captain,” Commander Rowen said. “You have the highest apprehension rate of all of the northern division. The youngest to rise through the ranks. Yes, you fail to bring all your intended targets, but that’s leagues ahead of the usual inquisition numbers. The witches are crafty minxes. We’ve been fighting this war against them for twenty years now. The fact you apprehended seven at all is a feat you should be proud of, captain.”
“Thank you Commander sir,” Regina said. 
“Which brings us to another reason why I summoned you today, captain,” Commander Rowen said. He returned back to his seat and reached into one of his side table drawers. He carefully flipped through the papers until pulling out a black envelope. “Your next assignment has been decided. It’s a bit unusual. Go do Aurea. Talk of a witch might be performing on stage has sparked discord within in our ranks. It probably is nothing, but I would like you to investigate, captain.”
Regina took the envelope and straighten up before saluting to the Commander. 
“It would be an honor, commander sir,” Regina said. 
“Then go forth, captain!”
“Yes, Commander sir!” 
“Keep people safe and the monsters at bay,” the two said in unison. 
Regina left the office carrying the envelope in her gloved fingers. “Keep the people safe and keep the monsters at bay” was the mantra of the inquisition. However, the vague subtleties of their mantra opened it up for a number of interpretations. 
The soldiers that Regina past either stood in attention at her presence or avoiding her gaze entirely. Regina led the 98th division in the Northern branch and her methods were unethical and brutal to the point where amongst the inquisition they had given her an unofficial title of “Bloody Regina.” Regina’s interrogations and strategic knowledge were unparalleled. However, the title came from the fact that Regina always came back from her missions drenched in the blood of her enemies. A real hero of the inquisition who embodied the core principles and values of what they were trying to accomplish. 
Regina got into her carriage and sat looking out the window. She was to set out for Aurea next morning and needed to prepare. One witch was hardly a means to call the whole division. Besides, she rather work alone anyway. Not that her men weren’t capable and ruthless. It was more Regina felt she could do her best work when she was alone. 
Eventually, the carriage made its way to the tall gates of the Castle Black. It was a mansion far too large for just Regina alone. However, there she lived in her lonesome in between missions. She made her way down the empty hallways and past the large oil paintings of all the family that came before her. 
She ran a hand over the portrait of her mother and father. They shared her brown hair and eyes. She did miss them, but was reminded of the curse of her family. Disease struck all of them in their thirties. Regina herself had just entered her third decade of living. She knew what was coming for her much like every other family she’d known. 
However, the respected captain of the inquisition had a secret. Regina made her way to her chambers and pulled on a candle stick that lead to a secret passage down to the dungeons. In the past, it was used for smuggling Regina imagined, but she refashioned it to suit other means. Down in the dripping dungeons of Castle Black she descended until she was faced with a room full of knives, chains, blood splatter everywhere and contraptions and cages. There in the middle of the room was a man bounded to a chair with red chains and a sack over his head. 
Regina’s steps echoed throughout the dungeon with each step she took. She reached for a whip and cracked it. The man began shaking in his seat as Regina slowly made her way toward him. She pulled off the sack. 
“What are you going to do to me?” The man said. “Where are the others?” 
“The other seven have been apprehended,” Regina said coolly. “Give up struggling in those chains. They bind magic. Your kind has a lot of neat toys once you get to know them.”
“Why am I here and not with them?” The man said. “Please I’ll go in peace.”
“Ah.” Regina smiled. She ran a gloved hand over the back of man’s neck, circling him like a lioness and her pray. “Oh I have other plans for you. If you answer my questions, I may consider releasing you.”
“I will never sell out my kind,” the man said. 
“It’s funny how many of your kind changes their tune after I’m done with them. We might need to make you more comfortable.”
With that, Regina put a red collar around the man and led him into a metal contraption. She pushed him inside and closed it the latches so only his face is visible. 
“What is this?”
“Oh my maiden here is made out of materials that your kind has let me know existed. I had it specially made for my own purposes. Now, onto our main event. If what I know is true, your magic functions like circuits. They work in an infinite loop that allow you to do what you can do. That circuit also allows you to live incredibly long lives. It is also known that you can give away your magic, is that correct?”
“How do you know this?” the man said meekly. 
“Like I said, I’ve had plenty talks with your kind. Much like I am with you. So is my working knowledge correct?” 
“Yes,” the man said. “Now may I leave now?”
“So what prevents me from getting that power?”
“Magic can’t be transferred to things with a heart. Our circuits are what replaces our hearts in the same way Grimm and Tin men lack one. Humans already have a heart, so it’s impossible to transfer anything of the sorts to mere man.”
“Oh you’re quite the talker,” Regina said. She gave a loud cackle. She then added in a singing tone, “However, you’re lying.”
She pressed the arms of the Iron Maiden in causing a loud scream from the man. A pool of blood trickled down to a basin at the foot of the maiden. 
“I’m not lying!” The man screamed. “I swear that is the truth.”
“No, no, no. See, I know there’s more than one way to take what I want,” Regina said. She walked her way to a table with a large silver goblet. She took it into her hands and leaned down to grab a cupful of some of the blood that lay in the basin. She then tipped her glass and gave a sigh after drinking. “I already feel all my aches and pain going away.”
“Are you a vampire?”
“How dare you call me such a thing?” Regina said. She pressed into one of the maiden’s legs. The man hollowed as more blood trickled into the basin. “I am as human as you can be. I just made a major breakthrough in the healing and youthful qualities of your blood. I am a visionary for humanity.”
“You’re psychotic,” the man said slowly.
Regina glared at him and pressed the other arm of the maiden. The man screamed.
“What was that? I can’t hear you over the sounds of your screams. It’s not insane to not want to die of disease and your kind’s blood is the perfect remedy.”
“It has no such qualities in it,” the man panted. 
“That’s what you all say!” Regina said. “Every last one of you, but I know the truth. You don’t WANT me to have it. I do feel quite rejuvenated after drinking your blood though. The medical qualities are there. Just one has tapped into this knowledge.”
“Just kill me already,” the man said, whimpering. 
“If you so desire,” Regina said. She pressed a button the maiden and the headpiece shut closed. The man’s face disappearing behind a metal slab. Then an ear piercing scream could be heard throughout the empty castle as blood slowly trickled down to the basin. 
Regina was already bottling up the blood. She then added the bottles to her collection. She took off her blood stained gloves and made her way to the black envelope that lay abandoned on her table. She opened the continents and smiled while drinking another glass of the blood she desired. At first she couldn’t stand the taste, but now she relished every chance to drink the blood of the witches. 
She was not going to die like her ancestors. This remedy will assure that. She had to hunt them all. She was good at it too. She laughed and sighed and cackled remembering the sensations of bathing in their blood in the heat of battle, feeling the magic seep into her pores. It was what she needed. It was all those vermin were good for. She took  another sip and looked at the profile of the possible witch she’d be hunting next. 
The Golden Aurea was as bright and brilliant as the rumors made it out to be. Rows of carriages lined up the entrance. The entrance hall was packed with guests all laughing and talking as they made their way to their respective seats. Regina’s seat had a particularly good view of the stage and every detail she would need for her investigation —no doubt an added perk that Commander Rowan added to the ticket selection. 
So far it was rather mundane. Nothing magical or anything. Just a normal performance. Regina Mallory sighed and settled into her seat. She glanced at her playbill with the silhouette of the woman in question. The promotion made sure to make the star as enigmatic and mysterious as they could be. Just who was she? Why say the performance would be magical? 
The lights dimmed and the curtains rose and Regina Mallory’s eyes lit up upon seeing a bandaged woman  wearing  black top hat and white dress shirt and pants. She had black suspenders and tilted her had a the audience before giving a low bow. 
“Ladies and gentleman! I am honored to have you join me tonight. For those who don’t know me, I am Patchwork Mary!.” In a swift motion, Mary had pulled off the bandages revealing a map of scars that snaked all over body in all the parts not covered by her outfit.  “With that said, all my feats tonight are nothing more than cheap illusions made to test your understanding of your mind. What you see tonight may look unbelievable, but I assure you that I am not a witch, but merely a woman of cheap tricks,” Mary gave a stylistic pause letting her words sink in. Then waited until the mystic began. “Let us begin!”
Latecomers stood in the aisles as each new act brought about a new outfit and new scenery. Mary made doves fly out of her coat. She’d turn a cane into a bouquet of roses. She’d dance and change three times before settling on a red dress that flowed like fire on the fringes. 
She had the music  match her movements perfectly. But she was not done yet. A stagehand came with a box with knife after the latest applause elapsed. 
“You have been a great audience tonight!” Mary called. “However, this next feat is not for the faint of heart.”
Suddenly a shadow cast behind Mary. Her silhouette reflected over a large tarp. A stage hand handed her a knife. The knife and her shadow stood in full reflection to the audience. She extended her arm. Her shadow mimicking her action. She took a deep breath before turning to the audience.
“Watch closely,” Mary said. 
She took a deep breath and took the knife and cut at her shadow of her outstretched arm. She began cutting the shadow, while her actual arm slowly was falling off. 
Now the truth was far less magical and involved a number of strings that Mary had attached to slip off the arm slowly and exactly when she needed to lose it. However, the moment was magical. The arm fell to the stage with a low thud that echoed throughout the theater. 
Gasps can be heard followed by a deathly quiet. Patchwork Mary smiled and revealed that both her shadow and her had one less arm. No blood splatter. Just a dismembered arm. 
“Now, I was rather fond of my arm, so let me, fix it.” 
She held her hand and faced her shadow. Tiny strings were attached to her free hand and she began pulling on the fibers until her dismembered arm began floating in the air. It gradually made it’s way to where she cut. Her shadow following in tow. Mary pulled a small needle and thread and made a motion and gesture over her arm as she hide the action of stitching the arm back together. When it was attached, Mary began moving the hand again. She turned slowly to face her shadow. Then ran the hand over the shadow indicating that the arm was fully reattached. 
“Thank you! You’ve been a wonderful audience!” Mary said. She gave a bow. However, there were no applause like there had been for Gillian. The Domus Aurea remained stunned. Until a few claps ran out and then a loud shout, “She’s a witch!”
Only Regina gave a wide eyed smile.
“Well then Ms. Mary,” Regina said. “I look forward to knowing what your blood tastes like as well.”

