Chapter Four: The Bullet Catch

Having green eyes in Aurea wasn’t uncommon. However, one family always gave birth to children with green eyes and that was the Marionette family. This fact was known all throughout Aurea, so much so, that green eyes had became synonymous with the ambition, drive, and greed of the family. Unfortunately, this distinct familial trait also drove every parent who bore a child with green eyes to knock on the Marionette’s front gate demanding that they gain access to the family’s money. 
This particular issue was more an issue when Madame Marionette’s father was head of the family, but had otherwise quieted down once her brother Macias Marionette took over. Sure, the main estate would get the occasional person demanding their pound of gold for producing their own green eyed pound of flesh, but it was settled quietly with usually the claims to be unfound. 
Madame Marionette saw the outlines of the Marionette’s main estate peak over the horizon from her carriage window. It was an embarrassingly large 20 Arce estate that sat on the northern part of the city known as the Elysian District. It was by design the farther area from the Wasteland. Someone way far past Madame Marionette’s time had decided that only the most successful were granted a plot of land in the Elysian District. 
For Madame Marionette, it just was too detached and far from the Golden Aurea and all the action, thus why she put in her own penthouse suite at the Golden Aurea. It was also why she rarely made it out to the main estate. Madame Marionette frowned noticing an over the top poster of Gillian Rose’s first performance at the Gate on the side of a restaurant the carriage passed by. 
Madame Marionette did say that auditions would resume today. However, not until she confirmed something else first. Though, even she knew the auditions was desperate. Finding a talent to compete with Gillian was a tall order to say the least. She knew this because she had been the one who trained Gillian to become the star she was today. In fact, it was like an unspoken agreement that Gillian would join the Golden Aurea one day! No gratitude these days! Kids these days! 
Though, that wasn’t the only young person who seemed to have a knack for causing the Madame a steady stream of migraines it seemed. Her conversation with Rufus from the day prior and Mary spun around in her head. The girl had no training formal or otherwise. She can make a nice dress. That’s a backstage position! Why was Rufus so insistent that she be…fair toward Mary?
The carriage came to a halt at the large mansion doors. A row of servants came to greet the Madame. Some of which tried to help Marionette inside, but she merely just waved them away. The foyer was just as large, sterile, and beautiful as she remembered from her childhood. Perhaps, maybe even lonely. She tapped her cane a few times. 
“Macias! Is he home?” 
An inside servant came immediately to the Madame. He was a squirrelly looking man who was acting like Madame Marionette would eat him. 
“Ah, Madame Marionette!” He said. “We weren’t accepting you today! Uh, I can check if Master Macias is—”
“Macias! Come down!” Madame Marionette called. “Don’t make a cripple come up the stairs!”
Her voiced boomed and echoed throughout the estate until a middle age man with glasses began descending down the stairs. Unlike the Madame, he looked slightly younger yet older at the same time as the bags under eyelids and crowfeet from stress had taken a told on him. 
“Sister,” Macias Marionette said. “Some of us run a whole city. Can we make this quick?”
Madame Marionette nodded to her right at the study. 
“Perhaps can we talk in the study?” Madame Marionette said. She leaned on her cane, nodding to her leg. “A route with less stairs.”
Macias nodded. He joined her and spoke to the servants to leave them be and closed the doors behind them. Madame Marionette took a seat on one of the adorn couches. It had once been their father’s study. The two of them use to sneak in all the time when their father was out doing his extra activities away from mother. Only later did they learn that the study was made also soundproof for the very same extra activities that drove their mother to drinking. These days, it was the two siblings silent agreement to meet up in that room only to discuss important matters. 
“So what is this about?” Macias said. “If it’s about Gillian choosing Roland over you, I’m the mayor of Aurea, Chateau. I must remain partial.” He paused. “Even if it is a bad look for the family.”
“No!” Madame Marionette said. She felt a sting in her heart as she brushed off the statement. “Nothing about that! It’s…about something, Macias.”
“Must be important if you wanted to meet here,” Macias said. 
“It is.” Madame Marionette sighed. “Okay, how do I put this. Have you been…good, brother?”
Macias began polishing his glasses with his shirt before looking at his sister perplexed. 
“I’m not in the mood for guessing games, Chateau.” Macias groaned. “Out with it? I have the Inquisition breathing down my neck on policy.”
“Did you fuck around behind Amelia’s back?” Madame Marionette said plainly. “Ball park, twenty years ago?”
The two stared at each other in a deafening silence. Macias pursed his lips and shook his head. 
“No! I’m not our father! I can’t believe you’d ask that,” Macias said. 
“I just had to ask!” Madame Marionette protested. “A girl with green eyes appeared at my company for an audition and I just—”
“So it’s a girl with green eyes then!” Macias said. “Why does this matter so much to you? I would never betray Amelia! Didn’t we both swore as kids, in this room I might add, that we’d never become him!” Macias finished pointing at the large portrait of their father that hung at the back of the room over a desk. “If that’s all, then I must get going. I have a meeting with the Commander of the Inquisition!”
He left the room and stormed up the spiral staircase. 
“I just wanted to make sure,” Madame Marionette said quietly. She sighed and rose against her cane. Deep down perhaps she always knew Macias was faithful to his wife Amelia, but something about Mary just keep eating at her to just make sure. Something about Mary bothered her for no inexplicable reason! Or, perhaps, it wasn’t such an inexplicable reason as she might think.
Madame Marionette took one look at the study before leaving. Macias had been right though. The two had promised as kids to be faithful and nothing like their father. And in truth, they both had been as far as Madame Marionette was concerned. However, in her case, a particular memory wedged its way into her head. At first it was faint, but over time, the thought grew louder in her head despite it being impossible. Mary’s doctor said adopted Mary! Born and raised in Aurea! There was no way that Mary could be…
“Aunt Chateau!” Came a voice outside the study. 
Madame Marionette snapped out of it. She breathed out as if she was ready for a performance and gave a warm smile to the young woman who had came out of the dining room area and into the foyer. 
“Gillian,” Madame Marionette said. “It’s been too long. Aurea’s new shining star. I’m so proud of you. I hope you’re keeping up with your exercises.”
Gillian laughed nervously and parted a lock of brown hair behind her ear. Then she straighten up to face Madame Marionette. 
“I’m so sorry, Aunt Chateau!” Gillian blurted out. “I know the plan was always to—”
Madame Marionette waved her free hand. 
“Water under the bridge. It’s business. I get it. Plans change,” Madame Marionette said cooly. 
“Thank you, Aunty Chateau,” Gillian said. “It means so much for me to hear that. You taught me everything I know! I’m glad I can share this moment with you!”
That was true. Madame Marionette did Gillian everything she knew about being a star. She taught Gillian countless of hours forming and molding her into the star studded performer she is today. All the painstakingly long dance practices and long talks prepping for the one day Madame would have Gillian take over. However, there was one thing that Gillian was sorely mistaken. She wouldn’t be sharing this moment with Gillian —Roland would. 
Of course, in her head, Madame wanted to be civil and respectful to her niece and her decision. And she almost was, but she stopped and turned toward Gillian before leaving the main estate. “Though, one thing has been on my mind.”
“Yes, Aunty Chateau?”
“Was I not good to you?” Madame Marionette said. “Was I too harsh on you? You know I only did that to make you reach your potential. And look at you! A star on the verge of her debut performance! Just not…my star. What was it that made you turn away from family, my dear? Was I that terrible to you? 
“No, no,” Gillian said. “It was….nothing like that at all. I just—”
“Just what? Wanted to rip out my poor heart because I was just such an evil aunt to you!”
“Aunty—”
“It’s Madame Marionette to you,” Madame Marionette said. “You lost the right to call me aunty when you betrayed me.”
“Madame,” Gillian croaked. Her eyes welling up with tears. “It’s nothing like that! I just wanted you to respect my decision!”
“And spend my days hearing the Baron gloat about how he has the biggest star in Aurea,” Madame Marionette said. “A star I CREATED. Gillian, I am so happy for you. However, can you do me one huge favor?”
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry I caused you so much pain. I really am. The. Baron has been more than accommodating toward me at the gate.” Gillian sobbed. “But anything. What is it you want? I just want us to be okay. I don’t want you hating me, please Aunty!”
“You want us to be on good terms, Miss. Marionette?” Madame Marionette said listlessly. “The knife.”
“Knife?”
“RIP THIS KNIFE YOU PUT IN MY BACK!” Madame Marionette boomed. Her eyes filling with the best fake tears she could muster. “My own niece doesn’t love me anymore!” 
At this point, the whole main estate had arrived, Macias included. 
“Chateau! Enough! You can go now! I know you’re upset, but this is uncalled for and cruel!”
“Fine! I’m sorry! It hurts, you know? I really thought of you as my…”
Madame Marionette stopped, while Gillian stopped sobbing enough to give the Madame a defiant look. 
“You’re not my mother!” Gillian said. 
Madame Marionette readied to respond, but opted to just leave. She limped out the door, leaning on her cane and into her carriage. She placed a hand over her mouth and leaned against the window side. 
It was a silent trip back to the Golden Aurea. In fact, Madame Marionette barely registered the carriage stop arrive. She stepped out and looked upon her creation. She laughed to herself looking up at the grand monument to her accomplishments, just now noticing how large, sterile, and beautiful it also was. She limped into her home. She made her way past the large entrance hall with the empty ticket booths and toward the performance hall. This was her sanctuary. She’d be at peace here and peace was exactly what she needed. 
However, as she approached, she heard a murmur of voices that turned into a crowed as a group had gathered around the stage. All people from her company. An attendant noticed Madame Marionette enter the hall and immediately approached her frantically. 
“Ah, Madame!” The attendant said. Then added flatly, “she won’t leave. Shall we call the police?”
“Who won’t leave?” Madame Marionette said. However, all questions were answered as Madame Marionette made her way to the middle of the crowd of her own company’s troupe to see a young woman with sparingly green eyes standing in the middle holding a pistol. 
“Stay back!” Mary said. “I’ll say this a million times until it gets through all of your skulls. I will not leave until I see the Madame!” 
The crowd quieted down as they all noticed the Madame. 
“Well, you have her,” Madame Marionette said. “What? Do you plan on shooting me? I’ll be honest with you, Mary. It’s been a very long day, already. Not like I wasn’t expecting this, but today? Really? I already gave you a job offer, which easily is off the table now@ So just tell me then! What do you want? Money? Just out with it!”
Mary made a face. She then looked at the gun in her hand with wide eyes at what Madame Marionette was implying. 
“Oh no! Nothing like that,” Mary said quickly shaking her gun hand. The crowd understandably grew scared, while Mary remembered she was still holding a gun. “I—I just want you to shoot me.”
“Shoot you?” Madame Marionette said. “Why in the world would I do that? I’m not a killer, Mary.”
“And I don’t plan on making you one,” Mary said cautiously. “I just don’t want to work backstage.”
Madame Marionette scoffed. 
“You know, you could have asked that without the gun?” Madame Marionette said. “But of course you want more. Everyone wants more! What about what I want, huh? Everyone takes, takes, takes! Just tell me your demands already if not a job!”
“No, I, uh, do want a job,” Mary said. This time taking a moment to choose her words carefully. A brief moment of unsureness, but then she quickly regained the confident persona. “But I want to earn it! If you shoot me and I can catch the bullet, you make me your headlining star! That’s all I want, Madame Marionette. Do that and I’ll either be in a casket or working for you. Either way you benefit as I see it!”
Madame Marionette glanced down at Mary’s clearly unbroken left leg. Then she looked back at Mary’s piercing green eyes that mirrored her own. A strong part of her resisted and urged her not to accept this deal, but another more stronger part of her, almost egged her on to see this moment through. Part of her wanted to see how this would all end. Clearly, the girl had a plan. So hesitantly, Madame Marionette limped her way over and walked over to accept the gun.
“Now what? Right here? Right now?” Madame Marionette said.
“Ah, no! Not yet!” Mary said. She walked around the circle that had been created and almost made the circle bigger as she walked around showing off the gun. “I will now load the gun with a very real bullet for the Madame to shoot me with. Now here I am presenting the gun to the Madame! Now, Madame Marionette. If you may, take 3 paces away from me.”
Madame Marionette cautiously followed Mary’s instructions until she was face to face with Mary on the other end of the gun’s barrel. Mary looked at Madame Marionette intently and patted her left chest. 
“Right here. Make it count, Madame Marionette.”
“Are you sure?” Madame Marionette said. A swell of emotions run through Madame Marionette’s head as her fingers felt numb on the trigger. She can feel a thrill and chill run up her spine as she looked directly at Mary who merely gave her a toothy grin. “Are you positive you want me to do this Mary?”
“DO IT!”
The sound was a deafening boom. It echoed through the performance hall. Many would talk about this moment as Great Pretenders would be born and the first incredible feat of Patchwork Mary’s legend. The silence of that moment was unlike anything anyone in Aurea had ever experienced up until that point. It wasn’t until the gunpowder from the gun cleared that Mary was seen with her eyes closed and the back of her fist facing the Madame. Her hand with in front of her. The gasps of everyone in Madame Marionette’s company came first. Then Mary opened her bright green eyes and beamed at Madame Marionette. She tossed up a the same bullet that she’d loaded into the gun in the palm of her hand. Then came the cheering. 
“When do I start?” 
