The catacombs of Aurea lay hidden from everyone  in the great city of progress. Deep below is where Mary sat chained to the wall. She’d traced the moist brick walls in the dimly lit cell she’d call home for the past week.
Needless to say, Madame Marionette did actually give Aurea something they’d never seen before. It was so great that everyone was speechless. No standing ovation. No great bow after her trick. Instead, Mary was escorted off stage by the provincial army of Aurea. 
A light peeked from the corner of the prison. Steps echoed through the chamber until a soldier and a woman in a large fur coat stood in front of Mary’s cell. 
“You know your orders. Release this girl immediately,” Madame Marionette said. 
The soldier reluctantly made his way to Mary’s cell and undid her chains. Mary rose to her feet knowing full well that she could have disconnected her limbs and sewn herself back up if it wasn’t for the fact that before her arrest, Madame had whispered to her to leave everything to her until she could get everything settled. 
Mary was still in her performance outfit and stretched her limbs before walking out the cell with Madame in tow. The soldier waved the two of them.
“This is utterly nonsense,” Madame muttered as the two of them made their way up the stairs that lead to the city of Aurea. The madame then turned to Mary and started assessing the the ragged outfit. “They didn’t hurt you did they?” 
“Did you know they’d lock me up like that?” Mary merely said. She glared at the Madame. The madame rocked her head and gave a playful shrug. 
“Okay, I didn’t know they’d lock you up for this long,” Madame Marionette said. “Sure, the shock and all was expected. People aren’t prepared for different. They crave it, but they don’t know that they don’t want it until they see it. So I gave it to them!”
“I could have died!” Mary exclaimed. 
“But you didn’t!” Madame Marionette said. Mary crossed her arms and began walking away from the Madame. “Where are you going?”
“Back to the Wasteland! Anywhere that’s not with you!” Mary said. 
Madame Marionette limped behind Mary and stopped her with her outstretched cane. 
“That be awfully difficult because your release was only made because we have an audience with the Marquis of Aurea,” Madame said. 
Mary’s eye grew wide. 
“Why would he want to see me?” Mary said. 
“Because,” Madame Marionette said. “He’s my brother.”

Marquis Machias Marionette was a man of order. He  oversaw much of what went on in Aurea. He always wore a bored expression on his face and had many bags under his eyes. His calm demeanor and calculating assessments had made him a man to be trusted amongst the old nobility of Aurea that still existed. However, much to his dismay, his order in Aurea sometimes meant dealing with some of his sister’s less than amusing antics. 
“We do thank you for this, Machias,” Madame Marionette said. Then turning toward Mary, who at the moment, was engulfed in eating the cake that sat on the largest dining table that Mary had ever seen. She gave Mary a nudge. “Don’t we Mary?”
“Yes,” Mary said quickly. “I do thank you for this.”
Machias Marionette looked over at Mary with a furrowed brow.  His eyes shifting between the Madame and Mary. Their eyes sharing the same striking green. 
“Green eyes are very uncommon in these parts,” Machias said slowly. “Who are your parents?” 
Mary stopped eating and wiped her face with a napkin before looking cautiously at the Madame. 
“It’s okay, you can tell him. He already knows you’re from the Wasteland,” Madame Marionette said. She then took a sip of tea making a grimace. “He wouldn’t sign your release until I not only got one of his famous lectures, but also told him all about my little project with you.”
“Yes, I am from the Wasteland as the Madame said,” Mary said softly. “So my parents are not in the picture.” 
Machias Marionette nodded before taking a sip of his coffee. 
“I see,” he said. “Though, I’m more curious on what you are. How were you able to dismember your arm and reattach it like you did if it wasn’t magic?”
“I work with a Tin Man,” Mary said. “He works in a science known as prosthetics. My arms have terrible frostbite, you see. So, he has given me limbs that I can sew on and off. They function like new. Though, if you were to ask me how, the science is beyond me. That’s a Tin Man question. Oh, you really aren’t going to send me back to be locked away because I listened to this idiot of a woman? I swear I didn’t know it would cause this much trouble or else I wouldn’t have gone alone with this!”
“Enough enough,” Marquis Marionette said. He stood up and made his way to the window where a carriage had just pulled up. He rubbed his chin and turned toward both the Madame and Mary. “I know my sister can be a bit eccentric at times and she dragged you into this with using your….unique ability, but unfortunately it’s not me that you have to convince. Looks like they have arrived.”
Within moments, the dining room doors flung open and in it came a woman with charcoal black hair. She wore a black and blue uniform with a long red saber holstered to her hip along with a pistol. She nodded toward the maid staff who let her in and stood in attention at the doorway. 
“Pleasure as always Marquis and Madame,” the woman said. “I see a face I’m not familiar with. My name is Captain Regina Mallory of the Northern Inquisition. Pardon my lateness. I was initially told to go to the dungeons, but was later informed that you had taken the prisoner out to your own residence of all places.”
“ By all means, sit Captain. Though my assessment is that Mary is of no threat,” Marquis Marionette said. He nodded over at Mary and gave a tired wave as he returned to his seat. “She’s not a witch, but I’ll let you be the judge of that.”
Captain Regina Mallory smiled. She took a seat next to Mary. 
“My sources say otherwise,” Regina said. “Mary, that’s a pretty name. My middle name is Maria. That practically makes us sisters, doesn’t it?” 
“I assure you I am not a witch,” Mary said. 
“Funny, most witches I meet say that exact same thing,” Regina said. She then eyed Mary up and down. “Though if you aren’t a witch then I must know how was it that you did what you did on stage. How did you cut your arm off with just your shadow and reattach your arm?”
“It was all the Madame’s idea,” Mary said. “Look.”
Mary then started to undo the stitching in her arm and her arm fell onto the table. She then pulled a needle and thread from behind her ear and began stitching it back up again and moving the limb as if it was nothing. 
“It’s not magic,” Mary said. “I have a condition where I get frostbite easily and a Tin Man has made me limbs that I can attach and detach at will. The shadow and all were just theatrics. I used the shadow as a prop and just undid the stitching in my arm at the right moment to make it seem like magic.”
“Why on earth would you make something look like magic?” Regina said. “Don’t you know how dangerous that is?” 
“Yes! I know! I told you! It was—“
“Yes yes, I know. It was my idea,’ Madame Marionette said rising to her feet. “Captain. I assure you. That this is a misunderstanding. She is just a regular girl. The prosthetics science is in fact science. The Tin Man she speaks of was….my husband. He’s always tinkered with medical marvels of that nature even before he became a Tin Man.”
Regina’s eyes were wide at the prosthetic limb. She held Mary’s arm in her hand, feeling how lifelike it felt and how real it was. He then looked at Mary before rising to her feet. 
“You said a Tin Man was able to create this? Does the limb ever decay or age?” Regina said. 
“Not that i know,” Mary said cautiously. “It gets cold at times and I might need a new limb to replace it if it gets cold, but that’s it. It’s just for medical reasons I assure you. This was the first time I ever done anything like this for entertainment. Please, I assure you I’m not a witch.”
Regina was silent. 
“I believe you,” Regina said finally. She began pacing around the room. “I have met many witches in my age and I can tell you that you aren’t one. You have blood in those limbs when they come out. It’s hollow. I’ll be reporting this finding back to our headquarters. As long as you package your little act as science rather than magic, then I have no issue with you keep performing, but I must talk with this Tin Man. I have a few follow up questions if possible. Where can I find him?”
“The Wasteland. He has a workshop in the Wasteland, doesn’t he Chateau?” Marquis Marionette said. 
Madame Marionette nodded. “He does.”
“Then I will err on the side of caution then. Perform, but if we catch wind of anything that seems more off then needed, I’m afraid the inquisition will have no choice to peruse you, Miss. Mary. Witches aren’t the only things we hunt. We hunt anything that poses a problem to humanity. Vampires, Werewolves, Grimm, and obviously witches. So I’d best be on your guard.” 
Mary clutched her chest as a cold sweat fell down her brow. She nodded as the Captain smiled at her and turned toward the door and nodded at everyone in the room. 
“I’ll be in the city then. I’ll be sure to follow up if I need additional information,” the captain said. 
“I appreciate your time,” Marquis Marionette said. 
The room was silent for what seemed liked forever until Machias saw the carriage with the Captain leave the residence. He then turned toward Mary and the Madame. 
“Mary, can you give the Madame and I some time to discuss something. I’ll have one of the staff teach you how to make that cake that you so enjoy. How does that sound?”
“Really? She will do that?” Mary exclaimed. 
“Out of the goodness of her own heart.” Machias said. 
Mary followed a lady in a grey gown out of the room letting the door close with a large thud. Machias then gave a grave look at Madame Marionette. 
“Who is she?” Machias said. 
“We been over this, Machias,” Madame Marionette smiled. 
“No one other than this family has green eyes in this city,” Machias said slowly. “So I’m asking if if she’s one of your—“
“I’m going to stop you right there, dear brother,” Madame Marionette said. She rose to her feet to meet his gaze. “You know I have no children nor am I stupid enough to let myself be tied down like that. My marriage dissolved because of my ambition.”
Machias Marionette winced at the comment before rubbing his eyes. 
“Perhaps a coincidence,” Machias said slowly. 
“Yes, a coincidence,” Madame Marionette said. “These things happen.” 
“We are not our father,” Machias said. 
“No we are not,” Madame Marionette said a matter a fact. Madame clenched her fist knowing she’d gone to far. She went over to her bother and lay a caring hand on his shoulder. “If it means anything, she didn’t even realize, might still, not realize what her eyes even mean.”
“Then who can she be?”
“Don’t worry about that for now,” Madame Marionette said. “I—will figure that out on my end.” 
“And Chateau? Be more careful next time,” Machias said. “Next time you aim to shock the artistic world, let me know so I can better prepare to help.”
“I will,” Madame Marionette said. She gave a reassuring smile. She made her way to the door and stopped. 
“We missed you at the debut.” Macias tapped the table before adding, “Gillian misses you, you know? Don’t forget about family.”
“Family doesn’t betray family,” Madame Marionette said lazily. She gave a sigh before turning back toward her brother. “I’ll try to reach out to Gillian. Happy?”
“I appreciate that.”
“Of course we’re family.” 
