

Two weeks prior

“This is absurd!” Rufus said. He leaned back in his chair. He waved a hand dismissing Mary out of his workshop. 
“But not impossible!” Mary said. She slammed her fists on the table full of paper, sending an array of them scattered on the floor. 
“Pick those up. Must you insist on talking about this?” Rufus said dryly. He paused in between scribbling his notes. “Well, you technically can’t drown, so no. Not impossible.”
Mary smiled. “This is perfect then! This isn’t magic, but something entirely different.”
Rufus got up and limped his way to his coffee pot. White hairs had began to crept within his brown hair. Mary couldn’t help but notice he looked older and far more tired than the last time she saw him. Originally it was suppose to be a check up for her condition, but Mary broached the topic. 
Rufus made an involuntary sigh after taking a sip of coffee. 
“You’re asking me to build you a tank of death,” Rufus said. 
“It’s completely safe!” Mary said. “There’s a secret latch on the inside of the tank. I’ll act dead for a second before you put the curtain over the tank. Then boom! I make my escape.”
“It’s going to have to be a quick escape,” Rufus said. 
“I can do this, Rufus,” Mary said. 
Rufus sighed and rolled his eyes. “Fine, I’ll build your water tank of—“
“Safety!” Mary interjected. She leaned over and hugged Rufus. “Thank you so much Rufus! You won’t regret it! I got to tell the Madame!” 
Rufus watched as Mary rushed out the door. He lay down his pen and turned to face the corridor of his workshop. 

Performance night

“Ladies and gentleman!” Mary stood in her black and red performance attire. She faced the audience within the blindingly hot light of the spotlight making them look all fade into the background of the audience. “Many of you assume that my feats are witchcraft, but I assure you that I am just a performer of cheap tricks. Tonight I shall prove so in a new endeavor that will either end in my demise or shock you all in this new type of performance!”
The audience gasped and awed at Mary’s proclamation as a large clear tank filled with water emerged from the side of the stage. Mary let her coat drop to the ground as she rolled up the sleeves of her button down, exposing the bandages that lay underneath. She waited until the tank was in full view.  
“Behold! The water tank!”
“She’s clever. She does remind me of you,” said a voice walking into Madame Marionette’s private booth. The Madame turned to see Rufus in a long brown overcoat. He took a seat next to the Madame. 
“Rufus, you hate these sort of things,” Madame Marionette said. They both stared down as Mary invited provincial soldiers, and honestly, everyone who wanted to inspect the water tank on stage. 
“I do, but it is my creation. I take pride in watching the things I create,” Rufus said. 
Madame Marionette eyed Rufus. “She didn’t want me involved in this one. She said it was suppose to be a surprise. Though, I imagine this inspection is to make sure that when she is sealed in that contraption, everyone knows it’s secured, correct?”
“As far as they know at least,” Rufus said. “Did she tell you what she’s doing here?”
“I know the basics of it,” Madame Marionette said. “She’s good. Many people want to see her die, so she’s giving them their wish in a way. But Rufus, is she going to be safe? She’s not going to…”
“There’s a hidden latch on the inside of the tank,” Rufus said quickly. “Just watch.”
Mary led the last of the audience off stage as a stagehand began to restrain her arms and legs with rope. Mary was then lifted by a hook right over the water tank. The drum roll echoed throughout the room until she was dropped inside the tank. The locks and ropes on top of the tank being firmly sealed. Mary at first had her eyes closed but then opened them when she became completely submerged. She struggled in the water trying to break her restraints. 
Madame Marionette rose to her feet. 
“Rufus!” 
Rufus eased the Madame back to her seat. 
“Chateau, just watch. She’s safe.”
Mary struggled in the tank until she stopped moving. The crowd was going nuts. Screaming and panic filled the seats. 
“Rufus! Help her!” Madame Marionette shouted. 
Rufus remained in his seat. 
Many stagehands came and knocked on the glass and some even trying to undo the locks but wouldn’t budge. Then a large red sheet fell over the tank. The audience was silent. People were on their feet much like the Madame was, stunned at what they just saw. 
Then out of the corner of the stage came a young stagehand wearing a newspaper cap. He pulled out a paper out of his pocket and cleared his throat. 
“It is with my deepest apology that we let you wonderful audience know that Mary,” the boy paused. Then a smile crept on his face as he pulled off the cap and revealed a large smile and exposed the bandages on his arms. Wet long blonde hair spilled out from under the cap as Mary gave a large bow. “Is perfectly okay. Thank you! You have been a wonderful audience!” 
“See?” Rufus said. “What did I tell you?”
Madame Marionette sat back down, mouth agape. 
“Did you put her up to this?” Madame Marionette said. 
“You were there,” Rufus said. “It was all her idea. Through you seemed awfully worried, Chateau.”
“Of course I was,” Madame Marionette said. She was quiet as a resounding applause roared throughout the room. People throwing flowerings up on stage as Mary bowed. “She’s good. She really is good. I couldn’t have done it better myself.”
“She reminds me of a young you sometimes,” Rufus said. His position shifting slightly as he lazily turned to Madame Marionette. “Looking at her almost feels like we have a daughter again.”
Now it was Madame Marionette who shifted in her seat at Rufus’s words as she went from adoringly looking at Rufus to slowly turning to him with quizzical eyes.
“What are you implying, Rufus?” 
“Did you know?”
The crowd erupted in applause as Mary took her final bow on stage, while the booth it seemed time had other plans. 
