Chapter 17 – The Heart That Wasn't Hers

“You’re here again?” Rufus said. He readies to open the door to his workshop. However, this is a younger Rufus Batchet. Less grey hairs and metal on his body. He looks down at a young eight year old Mary before any stitches and frostbites who looks like she had been waiting outside all night. “I thought I told you. You’re no longer welcome here until you give your heart away.”
“But why?” Mary said. “You said you I’m your assistant!”
Rufus smiled and knelt down to look Mary into her beady green eyes before giving her a headpat. “Because I don’t like having my assistants die on me because they are too stubborn to give away their hearts.”
Rufus opened the door and readied to start his morning coffee with Mary following in tow.
“But it’s not far. Why don’t the other kids have to give away their hearts?” Mary cried.
“Because…you aren’t like other children, Mary,” Rufus said. “Now go and get out of here and don’t come back until you give your heart away!”
He hastily shoved her out the door despite her protests and returned to his work. However, she never left. She’d peek through his window all through out the day. She’d be waiting outside his door all night after he left his workshop. She’d still be there with her arms crossed outside his door when she came back. This went on for a solid week before Rufus returned to his workshop with Mary just sitting cross armed glaring at him as she returned.
“You’re lucky that we live in the Wasteland,” Rufus said. “In Aurea I could have called law enforcement on you.”
“Good! Because I’m not leaving!” Mary said. She puffed up her chest and then nodded to what Rufus was working on. “
Rufus just eyed Mary.
“Clearly,” Rufus said. “What is it you want? Money? What can I do to get you to leave?”
“Take it then,” Mary said. “Take my heart! If you want me to give it up so bad. Take it!”
Rufus ran a hand through his hair and then plucking out the first of many grey hairs. He gave a sigh after inspecting the hair he’d pulled out and blinked.
“That’s not possible,” Rufus said. “I’m a dying man.”
“What’s dying?” Mary asked.
Rufus nodded to the many deceased tin men that littered and made the very foundation of the Wasteland.
“You see the Tin Man that are scattered all over the wasteland?”
“Yeah,” Mary said.
“One day I’ll become like that too.” Rufus sighed. “You still have a long life ahead of you, Mary. We can’t cut it short because I give up my life to become a Tin Man.”
“Then I’ll just die then too!” Mary said. She returned to crossing her arms until Rufus heard Mary’s stomach rumble.
“When was the last time you ate?”
“Shut up!” Mary said.
“Come on in.” Rufus motioned her in. “I think have some bread still.”
Mary sat on one of Rufus’s benches eating a loaf of bread Rufus kept just for Mary to eat. He sighed and cleared his blackboard and began crafting the very invention that would change both their lives. Each stroke of his chalk in the design until the prototype was complete.
“Hard to tell who she gets her stubbornness from, Chateau,” Rufus muttered under his breath. “You or me.”
Then he returned to designing until he named his creation in large white lettering: Pacemaker.
“Mary, can you come over here?” Rufus beckoned.
Mary hopped down from her bench and walked to join him at the board. However, she looked at the notes on the blackboard and kept cocking her head.
“New invention?” Mary asked.
“Depends,” Rufus scoffed. “You’re not giving your heart away to anyone else besides me are you?”
“Never!” Mary said.
Rufus sighed.
“Then yes, this is my next invention, but it’s for you. It will protect your heart until the day you finally do give it away.”


Present Day

Mary’s eyes came to focus to see both Gillian and Madame Marionette clambering over her. They were backstage as Mary gave a groan feeling everything just hurt all over her body.
“Mary! Auntie! She’s awake!” Gillian said.
“Thank all the continent! Mary. Mary. Are you sure you’re okay?” Madame Marionette said.
Mary’s eyes focused to see the whole theater was frozen over. The odd part is that she didn’t feel cold anymore….just empty and a bit numb aside from the pain she felt. She eased herself back up as the events she remembered raced through her mind like a quick film real.
“The performance!” Mary said.
“We don’t have much time, Auntie!” Gillian urged.
“What’s she talking about?” Mary said.
Madame Marionette sighed.
“The inquisition is on its way after that…thing erupted from your body. They’re coming here for you Mary!” Madame Marionette said.
Mary instinctively recoiled from Madame Marionette’s concerned hand and shook her head.
“Wait,” Mary said. “How am I still alive?”
Then she felt it. A pulse through her body. It was like she was seeing through the eyes of something else. And right in front of her was a familiar scene. It was…Rufus’s workshop! Except, everything was toppled over and in the corner was a hurt Rufus.
“Rufus is in danger!” Mary cried. “I need to go back to the Wasteland!”
“Mary! You can’t!” Gillian said, but Madame Marionette held a cane to Gillian and shook her head.
“I’m coming with you. Gillian, you stay behind and keep the inquisition at bay for as long as you can. Give us time to get out of the city. Because if Mary is right. We don’t have much time.”
Madame Marionette hastily gave Mary a cloak to wear to hide her identity as the two of them snuck into a free carriage. It was like Aurea was transformed from the glorious and artistic city to a place full of guards, soldiers and people with pitchforks and torches all looking for one person: a monster.
“Are they all looking for me?” Mary said peeking out of the carriage window.
“Keep down, girl,” Madame Marionette said. “I will not repeat myself again. Yes, they are. You’re a Grimm. A monster and now they know that what we were doing was not just “Great Pretending.” At least, 10% of it wasn’t. That 10% matters when you lie to a whole city.”
“I was thinking of retiring anyway,” Mary said. “What a way to go out, huh?”
Madame Marionette was quiet for a moment. Her hands fidgeting with the helm of her dress before sighing.
“I’m sorry, Mary,” Madame Marionette said. “If I only accepted your heart…none of this would have happened.”
“Madame…”
“No! Let me finish! Because you deserve to know this!” Madame Marionette said. She held a hand to Mary. “I couldn’t ask for someone better than you to be my star. You are more than that, but you see, I’m good at big decisions. I was pregnant once and decided to take matters into my own hands that ended my career. Then..you...I thought long and hard after the desolation of my marriage and my rise as Madame Marionette how that daughter I would have had would look like. Act like. How much she would be like me….then almost like magic the image of that woman appears at my theater. I’m so proud of you Mary. If I could go back I would take your heart in a heartbeat. But if…my suspicions are true. Then we both know that that man deserves your heart more than I do.”
“He does,” Mary said quietly. “That’s why we need to save him from whatever it is escaped from the pacemaker.”