Chapter Two: The Madame of Aurea

Madame Marionette tapped her cane against the ground, letting the sound reverberate within the performance hall. All sound from the piano and movement from the dancers stopped. 
For Madame Marionette, there was no worst feeling than boredom. Being bored was being being stagnant. Nothing gets the blood boiling or the heart pacing when you’re bored. It was no different than being a corpse moving through the motions. 
Yet, this terrible fate was where Madame Marionette found herself. She should have been ecstatic that technically sound dancers had just auditioned just now. In truth, they probably would do quite well at the Golden Aurea. She’d painstakingly trained everyone in her company to be the best in the business. They were clinical in their execution. Precise in how they conveyed emotion through their movements. Predictable…in every show. It was nice to watch, but that was the thing. Nice didn’t sell tickets. 
“Girl, you were a hair off tempo. Luckily, your partner is good enough to compensate..” Madame Marionette let the words linger in the air before adding, “but he shouldn’t have to. You’re both good! Could be great even! I’ll give you that, but unfortunately not good enough join the Golden Aurea today. That will be all!”
When Madame Marionette was sure the dancers had left the stage, she rubbed a hand against her temple, leaning slightly against her cane. The large furs she wore fell against her frame as she composed herself just enough for the next god knows act that would come next. However, her ire was saved by one of her attendants. 
“Madame, the Baron is here,” he said. 
Madame’s nostrils flared knowing exactly what this visit pertained to. For the Baron was the reason why she even decided to hold these auditions. Madame Marionette hobbled upright against her cane and began limping her way toward the back area behind her private box. Sure enough, there stood the Baron in what appeared to be an already alcoholic stained three piece suit and a large cake in his hand.
Baron Barbossa was a large drunk man who was many things but a fool was never one of them. Even as his black beard reeked of alcohol and his words became slurred, he was a shrewd man who’s business ventures and keen sense to pick up amazing talent was known far and wide throughout Aurea, so much so that some said he rivaled the Madame herself. 
“Ah, Madame Marionette!” Baron Barbossa said with a boisterous roar. He sat down the cake and made his way over to gave the Madame a large hug, releasing her only to give a hearty cough. “I do hope auditions are going well.”
“Swimmingly,” Madame Marionette said cooly. She began fluffing back up the furs of her coat that the Baron had ruined with his hug. “So what pleasure do I owe for this visit, Baron Barbossa?”
“Ah, I figured that we could have tea and cake. I brought cake! And maybe…more than tea later on. It has been a while since we spent some time exchanging notes. Perhaps look at the talent together.  I mean, for you of course. We at the Gate are all squared and dandy especially since our most recent acquisition. Honestly, Madame! I don’t know how she does it!”
Madame Marionette’s eyes widen. Now, nothing in the city of Aurea happened without Madame Marionette knowing. Her influence stretched to even the most destitute streets and came to fruition at her Golden Aurea. So she’d already heard in nauseating detail already about who Baron Barbosa was referring to. In fact, it was because of this very person joining the Gate that these awful auditions were taking place. 
“Why yes. Gillian Rose was quite the find. She definitely has that star factor,” Madame Marionette said. Her voice as syrupy and artificially sweet as the cake Baron Barbossa brought with him. 
“Oh don’t be like that, Madame Marionette,” The Baron said with his loud booming voice. “Just cause she choose to be with my company rather than yours. She’s a gift to all of Aurea.”
“Indeed,” Madame Marionette said. Her teeth positively gritting through her smile. She gave a sigh. “Though allow me just a tiny bit of annoyance for my own niece choosing you over me.”
“Ah yes, that was a bit unfortunate.”
“I practically taught that girl to dance! I bought her shoes when my brother told me that his darling daughter wanted to be a star! And this is ow the bitch thanks me!” Madame Marionette seethed. “This is the problem with kids these days. Lack of gratitude!”
“Perhaps this is why you opted to not have kids. Take no offense! You still own, and I begrudgingly admit this, the best theater company in Aurea. Perhaps Gillian thought she wouldn’t be able to stand out within the pantheon of stars you already cultivated,” the Baron said. He lit a cigar and gave a puff. Then as an afterthought added. “Though, I must say even I was surprised to see someone with the sharp green eyes of the Marionette family audition at the Gate. I will have you know that we are taking great care of her. Rest assured.”
“Oh no doubt,” Madame Marionette said cocking her head out the window. “I see you took no liberty of plastering her face all over the city.”
“Like you said, Madame,” Baron Barbosa said. He gave a drunken wave of his hand. “She is a star. I need to nurture that. Come now. Surely, your own Gillian Rose will come waltzing through though today’s audition.”
“What if she has already?” Madame Marionette piqued. “Maybe I’m just keeping her a secret for now. She’s just not ready yet.”
You’re clever, Chateau.” Baron Barbossa chucked. He helped himself to one of the wines in the room, positioning himself behind the Madame. His hands massaging over the Madame’s shoulder. He leaned in with a whisper, “but even drunk I know you have no one.”
Madame Marionette narrowed her gaze.
“It’s Madame Marionette. Well perhaps you’re more drunk than you think,” Madame Marionette said, shaking him off. “As much as I enjoy our chats, Roland. I do think I must return to the auditions. Dare I say, I have something magical in store for all of Aurea to see!”
“Careful Madame. To talk of magic in this day and age. The inquisition has ears everywhere.”
“Well, let them come to the Golden Aurea then because everything is magically fucking fantastic here! Good day Baron Barbossa!”
She limped her way leaving the Baron to be escorted by her attendant out, while she returned to seeing what sweet hell will come onto stage next. 
“Gillian that bitch,” Madame Marionette seethed under her breath. She tapped her cane once more signaling she was ready for the next applicant. A lone girl this time. Face was a bit thin. Hair was decent. Bandages all on various part of her body, but her dress was very nice though. Must be custom, Madame Marionette mused. 
“So what are you going to do?” Madame Marionette said lazily. The Madame checked her watch almost as a formality in these auditions. Really get the applicants sweating to think they were wasting her time —which they were. 
“Hi, um I’m Mary,” the woman said before composing herself. “Thank you for seeing me, Madame. Big fan! Uh, I have a letter for you before I begin?”
“Is that a statement or a question, girl?” Madame Marionette said. 
“Statement,” Mary said. She pulled out the letter from her purse and waved it at the Madame. 
Madame Marionette leaned against her cane, eyes narrowed. She readied to signal an attendant to retrieve the letter, but waved them off. She would see to this herself. 
“And this letter is so important I read this before you audition?” Madame Marionette scoffed. She tapped her cane repeatedly as she limped her way down to Mary. “Can’t say this is helping your chances, girl. 
“I was told not to audition until you read this letter,” Mary said cautiously. 
The performance hall echoed with each cane tap and step Madame Marionette took until she was on stage with Mary. Now Madame Marionette was fully ready to shred apart the letter and envelope toss it in the girls’ face without a second thought, but hesitated when the bandaged girl perked her face up to face her with a pair of emerald green eyes that sparkled with the familiar hue of Madame Marionette’s own irises. 
“What lovely eyes you have,” Madame Marionette said cooly. She flashed her own emerald green eyes with a gentle yet intense look with a half smile. “Who is your father?”
“Excuse me?” Mary said. Her voice light and airy. 
“Your eyes,” Madame Marionette repeated. “Who is your father?”
“Oh, he was never in the picture,” Mary said. “I honestly hate these eyes.”
“I see. Well, hating your own eyes is like hating your own face. And you might I say, do have a lovely one,” Madame Marionette said. Then the realization what this letter was slowly sunk in. It wasn’t like letters like this were uncommon in the Marionette family. Regardless, Madame Marionette sighed and ready to read whatever demand was written within. 
However, her face went white upon reading the letter’s contents. She looked at Mary and then back at the letter before tapping her cane loudly for all in the performance hall to hear. 
“Auditions are canceled for the rest of the day!”
“What?” Mary exclaimed. “No! I came from so far to get here!”
“Then come back tomorrow!” Madame Marionette said without even looking at Mary. The were a loud audible groan from everyone in the hall, but Madame Marionette didn’t care. She limped off stage holding the letter. She made her way to the elevator that lead up to her penthouse suite within the Golden Aurea. Finally, she was at her desk. She grabbed a small key from her pocket to unlock a particular drawer she’d long since forgotten. No, that wasn’t it. Madame Marinette choose to ignore this drawer. She wanted to forget it ever existed. In it, was a locket she’d received in a life that seemed like ages ago. In it, was a number only she could access. She’d never used it until now and part of her was afraid to. 
In fact, in that moment, it was all very uncharacteristic of the Madame Marionette that the world knew. It was the reminisce of Chateau Marionette.  She dialed the number and waited until the tones reached the other end. 
“It’s me,” Madame Marionette said softly. “I got your letter and…the girl you sent me. We need to talk. Can we meet up at our usual spot? 

