Chapter Eleven: The Marionette’s Choice

Being once a performer and always a Marionette had its advantages and disadvantages. Apart from the fame and prestige that came with her name since birth came an expectation to be perfect. Her stage was life and her audience expected her to act in accordance to the role she played on the daily. However, with that pressure, came more acting that truth. To which Madame Marionette could recount only three times in her life to date where she was faced to be fully honest and truthful. The first being the realization of her love for Rufus Batchet as a young aspiring star. The second being the realization of her performing career ending abruptly. The third being in her private booth after Mary’s water tank escape. While the crowd cheered and hollered at Mary’s unbelievable spectacle, Madame Marionette heard none of it as she stared at Rufus whose eyes seemed so pathetic and pleading.
In truth, it was a question that she’d even gone back and forth on whether or not what was true or not. But his eyes explained more of his coldness after he left her more than anything.
“This is why you left me,” she said quietly. The words lingered in the booth longer and than either of them were willing to accept. “We could have talked about it.”
“Chateau, there was no talking after the accident. Not after—” Rufus began. He looked away, his fists shaking. “I was the first to examine you when you fell. The time was talking was well before that.”
“You wouldn’t understand!” Madame Marionette said. She frantically shook her head. “You don’t know what it means. You don’t know what I’d be giving up. How hard I worked to get to that point in my career.”
“People are capable of both. I’ve seen it many—”
“Not at that level!” Madame Marionette cried. “They had an understudy all set and ready after I felt. I was replaced just like that! You saw it as much as I did when I spent the time in the hospital. The same one you rarely visited. Was I so disgusting to you that you couldn’t even see me? Was what I did so bad to you? We could have talked about it instead of you closing off your heart.”
Rufus blinked.
“It’s not,” he began. “I was afraid to ask. Maybe deep down I didn’t want to know the answer. I didn’t want to think you would do something like that.”
“Rufus, it wasn’t an easy thing to do,” Madame Marionette said. “Maybe it was poetic justice that I lost both.”
“So you knew?” Rufus asked again.
The two exchange a glance as the pride in Madame Marionette welled up and faded as she gave a nod. Her eyes closed not wanting to see Rufus’s face in that moment. However, once she opened her eyes, her once husband had a hand to his temple. His staggered against the railing.
“Rufus, I’m sorry!” Madame Marionette said.
“I need moment,” Rufus said. “Our daughter…”
“Rufus!”
Madame Marionette’s eyes lit up for a second. Rufus had already walked pasted her and away from her, leaving her alone in the booth. Daughter. The word rang in her ear. Of course, Rufus would know the gender if he examined her. Then almost unconsciously, Madame Marionette’s eyes veered toward Patchwork Mary. The Mary she’d cultivated on stage —the spitting image of a young her taking in the praise of the audience. Mary was already taking her last bows with a bouquet of flowers in her arms. The curtains drawing to a close and the audience leaving their seats in droves like ants leaving their nest.
“I can make this right,” Madame Marionette said to herself. She walked back to her private suite and marched onward to her office. She took a seat and promptly began drafting up a letter, repeating to herself, “I can make this right. Just... don’t leave me again.”

Many on the train whispered and gave Mary weird looks. It was like they never seen a woman covered in bandages before! And perhaps they didn’t, but they didn’t have to stare. Mary held a hand to her temple feeling her headache return. Her mind still spinning the recent praise from her last performance. Mystifying. The woman who can cheat death!
She looked at her reflection in the window. She held a hand to her chest, feeling the coolness come off from it. It was more of a biting cold these days. If they only knew how wrong they were. She held a hand over the windowpane, and for a second, frost began to form against the windowpane. She recoiled back and shook the thought of what just happened as she heard another murmur in the train cart.
“So she can cut herself up on a whim?”
“Science they say.”
“At least it isn’t magic. Though, I am not too fond of Tin Man either.”
It was hard to tell if Mary rather them stare than lock her up again. Since the performance, her water escape was the talk of Aurea. She was truly a Great Pretender. Even if the audience knew it was fake, for the brief moments where her life was in “danger” it felt real to them. Her drowning in that tank despite the safety precautions she and Rufus had put in. The audience ate that up because one of the caveats that Madame Marionette and she had discussed post her arrest was to expose the tricks after they were performed. Everything from the methodology of her trick was revealed in the next paper.
But even knowing how it worked, didn’t stop the people from looking at her as if she was larger than life itself. People would make passing glances at her like some sort of exotic creatures. At first, she’d stare back to make them uncomfortable, but that game grew less fun when men and the occasional woman took it as a sign of interest. They’d try to strike conversation with her, which sometimes was worse. It made her squirm in her seat every time because she had no one to hide behind. Not Patchwork Mary. Just Mary.
 Not that they’d enjoy what was underneath the bandages. Scars and stitches crisscrossed her body underneath her white bandages like a map illustrating a life of trial and error. Why did they have to bother with Mary? Didn’t they know what was underneath was far uglier than they could ever imagine? She continued to nurse her head, feeling the sun’s rays peak through the clouds at her. It made her squint as the train made its way to Beatrix Alley.
Mary counted the seconds until she could leave murmurs and soft gazes of the train behind her. The train finally reached Beatrix Alley and she bolted out. She was just Mary with the long braided blonde hair and glasses. Today she wore an oversized white shirt with the leather belt sashed across her waist and the patched up black pants with long black boots that sometimes squeaked when she walked. Part of her hoped dressing like her old Wasteland self would deter the stares, but no avail. She pulled the charred up purple scarf she wore over her mouth as she hurried her pace.
The door chimed as she entered. The insides of the bistro were far more extravagant than the outside window made it seem. It looked as if the Lion’s Mane went through several expansions and additions to broaden the dining space. The newer looking areas from the looks of it were reserved for the more higher end cliental from the looks of it. Some tables even had gold plating with names on them.
Mary scanned the full dining room until Gillian wave a hand at her from across the room. Mary let out a sigh of relief and hurried to take a seat with the green eyed star of Balthazar’s Gate.
“It took you long enough,” Gillian said. “I took the liberty to order us some soup as a starter. Though I’m sad to say that yours may have gotten cold. I surely expected you a bit earlier, I’m afraid. I’m sorry I can order you something more fresh.”
“I don’t mind cold soup,” Mary said quickly. She glanced around, wincing at people staring at them. Gillian continued to eat her soup almost as if she was unaware of the eyes on them in the bistro.“How can you act like they’re not there? Do they always have to stare? My god, you’d think they can at least eat instead of staring.”
“Welcome to fame.” Gillian sighed. She lay down her spoon and straightened her posture. She turned to give Mary a pained smile. “You learn to ignore them. It was like this when I first debuted at the Gate. Though, I also grew up with eyes on me due to my lineage.”
For a moment, Mary’s mind wondered if this is what her life would have been like her past life. She shook her head and took a large spoonful of the chilled soup.
“Is that why you go by Gillian Rose and not Gillian Marionette?” Mary said. “To avoid the attention?”
Gillian stiffened in her seat.
“Rose is my mother’s maiden name,” Gillian said. She readied to rip of a bit of bread for her soup, but lay down the loaf with a heavy sigh. “I forgot that I can’t eat such wonderful things like bread right now. I hate being in training. But back to what you were saying…let’s say…I wanted to be recognized for me. Not my family name. And for a while, it did help me avoid the public’s gaze. It was actually quite nice.”
“At least you have a family,” Mary said.
“Oh I’m sorry that’s not what I meant. That was really insensitive of me to say,” Gillian said quickly. Gillian’s eyes grew wide as she shook her head. She held a napkin over her lips, sipping off any leftover soup. “I apologize.” A smile then crept on Gillian’s face as she eyed Mary’s bandaged arms. Mary quickly waved her bandaged arm.
“Oh stop it,” Mary said. “I didn’t say that to win any sympathy points. I was just stating the facts. I’d kill for a family. Being an orphan in this world sucks. The closest I ever have is Rufus.”
“So he’s like your step father?” Gillian asked.
Mary opened her mouth and shut it again, laying down her spoon. Almost as if trying to find the right words. A real father would have taken her heart, she thought. All the conversations and years flashed before her eyes.
“No,” Mary finally said. “He’s really my dad, but kinda is I guess. He did take care of me, but only to help his research, you know? It’s hard to quantify. I think he cares.”
“Sorry if that was too deep,” Gillian said. “I’m not very good at being a friend am I?”
“No, no,” Mary said. “It’s just something I never thought about.”
“And the Madame? Step mother vibes?”
“Not even close.” Mary laughed. Gillian laughed along with her. “More like a slave driver at this point with what she’s scheming and planning.”
“So tell me. What does my amazing aunt have you doing? Are you really all cut up under there. All stitched up like some rag doll? She plan on leveraging that more?”
Mary rolled her eyes.
“Not you too, Gillian!”
“I’m only curious!” Gillian said. “Look, I’m asking as a friend and fellow performer! The jury is out whether your act or mine is better, but it’s clear you stunned all of Aurea as of late. A bit Macarbe for my taste, but even I never seen anything like that. So is it all my aunt’s machinations or do you have a hand in creating the act? It’s truly you.”
“Kind of,” Mary said. She held a hand over her chest out of habit. A secret that still only Rufus, Madame, and she knew. “I have a condition where I get cold incredibly easily. So my limbs especially get frostbite even on a normal day it seems. A Tin Man helps me by making me every once in a while to replace my frozen limbs and we stitch up new prosthetics. The act is only possible because I was broken in the first place.”
“That’s still amazing,” Gillian said. “I mean, I’m sorry about your condition. But it’s incredible. Almost disappointing to know the secret to that trick of yours. I almost rather not know. Weird.”
“Oh but everyone does now,” Mary said. “I swear if they can just look the other way for just an hour…”
“Hey, listen!” Gillian said. She leaned over the table and put her hands over Mary’s. “Oh wow! You really are as cold as ice. Just ignore them. Take it from me. From one performer to another, just focus on your next performance. That’s all you can do.”
Mary broke away and leaned in her seat.
“Enough about me, though. What’s going on with you?”
“Oh nothing much,” Gillian said. Her eyes playfully looking away.
“What? You got a man back the Gate you want to keep hidden?” Mary said.
Gillian’s eyes widened and remained silent.
“No!” Mary said. “Gillian!”
“Shush,” Gillian said rising up in her seat. “It’s nothing like that. Maybe it is. It’s complicated.”
“Seems everything is like that” Mary said. “The Madame has been harping on about what we’re going to do next. Lot of pressure on her to surpass the last performance. Even I’m struggling really. What tops death defying escape?”
Mary began drinking her water furiously. Only laying down the glass after the contents were completely empty. She slammed the glass letting out of a large sigh.
“Careful! You’re going to choke if you drink that much water!”
Mary made a face.
“Can you not drink water like that?” Mary said.
“I mean, yes, but I could choke if I drink too fast,” Gillian said. “Why is this another secret of the elusive Patchwork Mary?”
Mary only held her glass in her hand. She smiled at Gillian.

Balthazar’s Gate in the daytime was just as gaudy in the daytime. It’s large black gates welcoming in all the aspiring dancers that, for one reason or another, choose to study there over the Domus Aurea. Madame Marionette limped her way up to the elevator to the suite where the Baron watched his students perform on the stage.
The elevator was a newer addition to the Gate. It surely wasn’t around when Madame Marionette was a student. She shook her head of the ghosts of memories she had running two and fro in preparation of performances. She could almost see the Domus Aurea when the elevator rose to the box where a neat tea spread lay waiting for her.
The Baron stroked his beard watching as Gillian warmed up on stage. Like Mary, the Baron had been putting Gillian to work to compete with the oddity that is Mary. Madame Marionette tapped her cane and cleared her throat as she took a seat at the table.
“Ah, Madame,” the Baron said. “I didn’t hear you come in.”
“So it seems,” Madame Marionette said. “Even though I did send you notice of my visit.”
The Baron nearly choked on his tea.
“Indeed you did,” the Baron said. “Your Mary is a bit of a thorn in my side. I just can’t predict what she’ll do next. Gillian is good. She’s beyond good. She’s the best, but your little rag doll of a woman…what is it you wish to discuss today?”
Madame Marionette smiled and took a long swig of her tea.
“How about we finally see which one of our stars shines the brightest?” Madame Marionette said.
“That’s a hard quality to quantify, Madame,” the Baron said dryly.
Baron Barbossa let the words linger far longer than he probably intended.
“Not on one stage with both performers,” Madame Marionette began.
“I’m listening,” Baron Barbossa said. “I see where you’re going with this.”
“So why don’t we flesh out the details on this joint venture between the Gate and the Golden Aurea, shall we?”