There was a bistro that existed once in Aurea. The food was nothing to write home about, but it was the favorite spot of a young doctor and aspiring dancer. They met there almost religiously. Though it was mainly because once upon a time that cute little bistro was just cheap enough for people who attended a certain medical college and performance theater.
The waitress brought their bread bowl of French onion soup (one of the more cheaper items) with their wine and water. Rufus looked at Chateau ready to eat. However, she fidgeted with her spoon and napkin. He lay down his own silverware with a sigh.
“What’s wrong?” Rufus nodded.
“Nothing,” Chateau spat. “Nothing is wrong.”
Rufus nodded. “Okay then.”
He readied to take a spoonful of soup when Chateau let out a loud sigh.
“What would you do if I took time off dancing?”
Rufus laid down his spoon.
“You’ve never done that,” Rufus said. “The day after our wedding you even went to practice because you had a solo audition to prepare for.”
“Are you calling me a workaholic?” Chateau Marionette said. She leaned back in her chair and readied to tip her glass of wine, but lay it back down. She instead took a sip of water.
“That’s your favorite vintage,” Rufus said. “What’s going on?”
“Nothing, nothing!” Chateau said. “You’re so skeptical, Rufus! It’s noon. We’re not alcoholics! I can’t believe my darling husband is accusing me of being a drunk. Besides, I have rehearsal later. I can’t be sloppy.”
“That’s odd. This late in the day? Though, I guess I’m not surprised,” Rufus said rolling his eyes. “I almost think you love dancing more than you love me.”
“How can you say that?” Chateau said. Like any great performer, Chateau had mastered her cadence and expressions to produce a few tears, tilting her head just enough to show off her best angles to her husband.
“Cry me a river. I’ll enjoy your share while I’m at it because I guess I’m the now town drunk,” Rufus said. He smiled, flashing a stony glint in his eye at her obvious acting. “You’re soup is getting cold.”
“It’s always cold here,” Chateau whispered. She rolled her eyes before ripping a piece of bread to dip in her soup. “How do you know I’m not actually upset? That was quite hurtful.”
“I married a performer,” Rufus said. “You think crocodile tears work on me anymore? I’ll have you know I have patients that fake seizures more convincingly.”
“So I’m a bad actress now,” Chateau mocked. She took a spoonful of soup.
“Not at all.” Rufus smiled. He lay down his spoon and took his wife by the chin, tilting her to face him. “I just know when you’re full of shit.”
A wide smile grew on Chateau’s face.
“And this is why I married you,” Chateau said. She looked down at her cold soup and looked up at Rufus and added quietly, “But I do hope you really don’t think that.”
“Think what?” Rufus said in between mouthfuls of soup.
Chateau shook her head.
“Nothing,” she said. She peered up and gave Rufus a knowing look. “I got it.”
“Got what?”
“Oh, you know, I did say I have rehearsal later. That bit of information seemed to have slipped your mind.”
“Got…got,” Rufus said. He laid down his spoon. Chateau always thought he looked so cute when he was thinking. His eyebrows furrowed in concentration. Then almost as if a lightbulb went off in his mind. His eyes widened. “Oh.”
Chateau broke into a maniacal laugh causing other patrons at the bistro to stare at their table. Rufus looked around smiling nervously at the other people who stared at them.
“Yes!” Chateau gave a playful laugh as she pulled Rufus by the tie just enough to whisper in his ear, “Principal dancer in the next show!”
“That’s incredible!” He said. “Chateau that’s amazing! You’ve been working at this for ages. This is fantastic. Get up. We’re not eating here.”
Chateau laughed. “What do you mean?”
Rufus was already on his feet. He dropped down the money on the table for their unfinished soups.
“This place isn’t fit for a principal dancer. This calls for something more… extravagant!”
“But I like lukewarm soup,” Chateau called. However, Rufus already took her by the hand and was running her out the door of the bistro. “My god, if I knew this was how you’d react, maybe I should’ve tried harder for this role earlier if this is the type of affection I get.”


Madame Marionette felt her aching leg as she limped into the restaurant. She smiled at the staff who welcomed her with a warm smile. They bowed and led her to a table with her name etched on a golden plague. She’d donated quite a bit to this once small bistro. It had grown considerably since to now cater to Aurea’s finest.
She’s fidget with her napkin and silverware as she waited. She looked at the door eagerly until a tired man with shaggy brown hair came limp in. She could tell he did his best to hide his metal leg and arm underneath the large trench coat and gloves he wore, but the staff had already seen it.
“Don’t send him away,” she called from her table. “He’s with me.”
A rush of whispers echoed in the restaurant. Madame Marionette rolled her eyes and continue to wave down the man. He gave the staff a nod and made his way to the madame.
“It’s been a while, Chateau,” he said taking a seat.
“It has,” Madame Marionette said. She lifted her menu, hiding her smile. “You know, I don’t think anyone in this city even knows me by that name anymore other than you.”
“What can I say? We have history,” he said. No smile. No glint in his eye.
“How’ve you been?” Madame Marionette piqued.
“Tired,” Rufus said. He nodded toward the waiter. “I’ll take a coffee. As much caffeine as you can.”
“So it’s true. You really don’t sleep anymore,” Madame Marionette said. “Do you ever regret it?”
“Becoming a tin man?” Rufus said. His face contorted. “Depends on the day. For a while, yes, but then I met Mary and I had a goal. Do I seem different to you?”
Madame Marionette only smiled.
“I haven’t heard from you since…”
“I left,” Rufus finished. He closed his own menu and laid it on the table.
“You one day decided to become a Tin Man,” Madame Marionette said. “No explanation —just went off and burned your heart away by eating a hot coal. Was being a doctor not enough? Was it the accident? I’m fine, Rufus. I just couldn’t follow you…”
“So I left,” Rufus said repeated. He cleared his throat. “Enough about that. Let’s talk about Mary.”
The waiter returned with a pot of coffee. He poured the cup in front of Rufus and readied to take the pot back when Rufus waved his hand.
“Leave the pot,” he said. He took a long drink and gave an involuntary sigh.
“Who is she?” Madame Marionette asked. Her eyes almost pleading for the answer almost didn’t want to know.
“A girl from the Wasteland. She’s not what you think,” Rufus said. “I just can’t take care of her. If she spent more time with you…maybe”
“Maybe what?” Madame Marionette said. 
“Maybe the two of you will get along well. You both have a flair for the dramatic.”
Madame Marionette scoffed. 
“Rufus, I need a star for my company right now. Yes, she was okay, maybe a bit rough around the edges, but what do you want me to do? Babysit her?”
“Please, as a favor to me,” Rufus said quietly. Madame Marionette’s eyes narrowed. “She has the raw talent. If I can show you what she is capable of, would you give her a shot?”
“Only because you asked,” Madame Marionette said. “But only this once. But why me though?”
“You were the most logical person for this job. I’m in the Wasteland now, Chateau,” Rufus said. “My word is no good here anymore. I’m the mad doctor who turned Tin Man. But you, you’re the matron of whatever.”
“Madame,” Madame Marionette corrected. “They call me Madame Marionette now.”
“Exactly,” Rufus nodded. He reached out to take a sip of water, but put it down before drinking it. “You’ll like her. She’s really taken to sewing, Chateau. She’s quite talented even.”
“That’s not my concern, Rufus,” Madame Marionette said. “What did you do to her?”
“She’s part of my research,” Rufus said solemnly. “She was dying, Chateau. She begged me to save her, so I tested out a hypothesis and it worked —with some complications.”
“What did you do, Rufus?” Madame Marionette said. Her mind flashing back to the stitched limbs underneath Mary’s bandages. She stood upright in her chair. Her body tensing up.
“Mary is a Grimm,”Rufus said. “You saw her eyes, didn’t you?”
Madame Marionette’s face grew white. Her eyes narrowed as she leaned close to Rufus.
“Yes, she has similar eyes to the family,” Madame Marionette seethed. “Surely you don’t think…”
“I don’t know what to think, Chateau,” Rufus said. He glared at her with the same intensity that she’d originally fell in love with. “Did you know when you fell?”
“What are you talking about?” Madame Marionette said.
“Nothing,” Rufus sighed. “ I would appreciate it if you help her.”
“But the complications,” Madame Marionette said, “the bandages.”
“Due to the nature of whatever it is you want to believe,” Rufus continued. “The complications were that Mary displays symptoms of Grimms in unnatural ways. She gets frostbite. Her limbs, from time to time, get frostbite for unknown reasons and she comes to me and I replace them. Granted, she’s learned to sew her new limbs herself, but that’s her condition. Harmless, otherwise.”
“How do you even get bodies for this?” Madame Marionette whispered.
“It’s the Wasteland, Chateau,” Rufus said. “People die all the time there. But the more important matter, can I trust you to do this?”
“Ah Madame Marionette. What a surprise to see you here,” a voice called from aside them. It was Baron Barbossa accompanied by a young girl with strikingly green eyes.
“Baron and Gillian,” Madame Marionette said. She immediately rose to her feet and curtsied to both of them. “What do I owe this occasion?”
“I was just here taking young Gillian out to celebrate,” Baron Barbossa said. “You know, for her upcoming debut.  Positively blood thirsty for the debut performance showcasing Gillian Rose!”
“I can imagine,” Madame Marionette said.
“And how is the star searching going?” Baron Barbossa said.
Madame Marionette face went beet red as she exhaled loudly.
“Absolutely swimmingly,” Madame Marionette said. “She’s going to be a star unlike Aurea has ever seen! Just you wait. Gillian, you best be on your toes.”
“It’s not a competition,” Gillian began, but was interrupted by the Baron.
“No, it’s not.  I highly doubt she is even in the same league as you child.” Then as an afterthought the Baron Barbossa added. “I do apologize on how our last brunch went, Chateau. I do how we can possibly reschedule and have a more amiable ending than before.”
“Excuse me, I was just leaving,” Rufus said. He rose up to meet Baron Barbossa’s gaze.
“Oh, by all means,” Baron Barbossa said as if suddenly realizing Rufus was there. “Where are my manners? I do hope I wasn’t interrupting.”
“You weren’t,” Rufus said curtly, taking up his coat. “Chateau, I’ll get her ready. She’ll be very much the star you expect her to be, so I’ll be on my way. It seems you two have much to discus about your new star and brunch.”
“Rufus! Wait,” Madame Marionette called. However, Rufus was already out the door.
“I swear Tin Man are so temperamental! I had one working on a project of mine, but got so up in arms after telling me what I requested was just impossible. Honestly, it’s so hard to find good help? Don’t you think, Madame?”
“It’s not like that,” Madame Marionette said quietly.
“Then you can join us then! I’m sure Gillian would love to have lunch with her darling aunt!”
“It has been a while,” Gillian chimed in.
“No, I was just finishing up here,” Madame Marionette said.
“That’s a shame. Perhaps we’ll catch you next time. We’ll leave you to it then,” Baron Barbossa said. He flashed a grin before adding. “Just who was he anyway?”
“No one,” Madame Marionette said.
The baron and Gillian retreated to another end of the restaurant leaving Madame Marionette by her lonesome. She sat to open up her menu before closing it.
She sipped her Champaign in silence until the waiter arrived.
“You sure this is all you want Madame?” he said. “We have just got a wonderful selection of wild flounder from the coast of Muse come in. It’s a rare delicacy fitting of you.”
“No, this is fine,” Madame Marionette said. “I’m quite fond of your French onion bread bowl. It’s a cozy dish —even cold.”
“Oh we’d never serve it cold for you Madame,” the waiter said.
The Madame merely waved him away. She broke a piece of the bread bowl and dipped it into the soup.
