Among all the things on the continent, Regina Mallory’s skincare routine was something she despised the more than the monsters and witches she hunted. Her ritual to stay young ate up at least an hour of her morning and an hour of her night. Cleaners, moisturizers, creams to prevent drying up in the sun, herbal masks, under eye mask with collegians, primrose oil, were a tedious, yet necessary process that Regina went through. 
But perhaps not so anymore. Regina checked the slip of paper as she walked the decrypt streets of the wasteland. She’d walked into worse places, but there was something inherently broken about the Wasteland that she couldn’t put her finger on it. She passed many broken machines and people dying and starving on the streets. A few even approached her before she flashed her sword sheathed to her belt at them. 
Eventually, she made it to her destination. She knocked on the door hearing the clanking of machine parts stop. Regina tapped her feet until a tired man opened the door. 
“So must be the lady from the inquisition,” Rufus said. He yawned and waved Regina inside. Machine parts and papers littered the floor of the workshop. Regina even had to step over a few things to reach the chair that Rufus pulled out for her as he made his way to the equally messy kitchen to the largest coffee maker she’d ever seen. “Take a seat. Care for some coffee?”
Caffeine ages you echoed a voice in Regina’s head. 
She smiled and shook her head. 
“No, I am fine. Do you ever clean this place?” Regina said crossing her arms in her seat. Rufus got his coffee and sat opposite to her. 
“I do, but I been spoiled over the years by a young girl who used to do my cleaning for me,” Rufus said. “Now, I heard you’d be visiting, but I’m afraid I have no idea why someone such as yourself has an interest in a Tin Man such as myself.”
Regina beamed at Rufus and nonchalantly walked the workshop, stopping only to admire her reflection in the window. Her reflection reflected against the broken landscape of The Wasteland. 
“But I think you can help Mr. Batchet,” Regina said coyly. “Did you know that almost everyone in my family has died before the thirty-five? I turned thirty not too long ago. As you can imagine, it takes a lot to look as young and youthful as I do.”
“I’m sorry to hear about your family. I imagine something genetic is at work here,” Rufus said curtly. “However, that doesn’t explain what this has to do with me.”
“I want what Mary has,” Regina said. 
The two exchanged a look that was only broken by Rufus sipping his coffee, letting out a warm sigh as the liquid quenched his tired body. He lay down his mug and returned to his desk. 
“I’m afraid that’s not possible,” Rufus said. He began scribbling at his notes again, stopping as he played with his next words carefully. “Mary is….what you call a unique case for my research. To do what I did for her  to anyone else would be irresponsibly dangerous.”
“Unique how?” Regina pouted. “Am I too old? Is she prettier? What makes her so different than me?”
“She has a condition where she can’t regulate body temperature well,” Rufus said. “You are perfectly healthy with impeccable skin. I don’t operate on healthy people.”
“I see,” Regina said. She traced her fingers against the window pane. “You know, the Inquisition keeps tabs on all humans who give up their hearts. They say it’s to research to see what drives people to become monsters, but your file is a bit of an interesting read.”
Rufus’s pencil snapped. 
“You don’t say.” He proceeded to grab another pencil from his drawer. 
“It’s so odd that a respected doctor chooses to become a Tin Man almost overnight. Your wife had a career ending accident, but the strangest thing in the medical records there is a separate death certificate that was submitted alongside the Madame’s medical report.”
Regina stopped. Her eyes wide as Rufus rose to his feet. He glared at Regina, pointing toward the door. 
“Leave. Now.”
“Does she know?” Regina said, ignoring him. “Oh it’s clear she doesn’t understand what your file tells me. She thinks you left her and shut your heart away, but we know better than that. You didn’t want to know did you? The truth would have been too terrible to know! Knowing that your wife would purposely—”
“Enough!” Rufus said. 
“See, now we can negotiate, Mr. Batchet. We can help each other!”
“You’re insane,” Rufus said. 
“Or maybe you are keeping other secrets that I should dig up if I haven’t convinced you yet,” Regina said. She moved from the window and sat on top of Rufus’s desk. She crossed her legs as she faced him. She angled his chin to face hers. “Maybe I haven’t hit quite the right notes to make you see things my way.”
Years of interrogation had taught Regina one thing. Everyone broke with enough pressure. Man, woman, witch or otherwise, everyone broke. It just took the right leverage. And though it was brief, but Regina thought she saw a flicker of something with her statement.
“What is it exactly you want from me doing this for you?” Rufus said slowly. 
“Prosthetic limbs don’t age. Silicon skin doesn’t need a million essential oils to be youthful. Chop me up like your pretty little Mary. I want to live and do what I love forever. Do we have ourselves a deal, Mr. Batchet?”
“You leave Mary and Chateau out of this!” Rufus barked. “They know nothing of this and you leave them alone. Whatever they do on stage, you leave it be as long as I do this! Those are my terms!”
“Why? Maybe there is a heart deep down there yet! Leave the brat and the hag alone for potential eternal life? Not a bad deal at all, but why are you so concerned about them I wonder.”
“They’re important to me. I raised that girl and she’s my ex wife,” Rufus said pausing slightly. “Whom I still love.”
“You are a perplexing man.” Regina sighed. “Claiming love despite giving up your heart, but I’ll entertain this. Seems we have an agreement. What is it you need from me to get this show started?”
“Time” Rufus said. “What you’re asking is…unorthodox to say the least. Full medical history. I need it all. Blood work. If you even fell off your bike as a child, I need to know that. That takes time though. So provide a full medical history and then we can work from there.”
“Wonderful. Glad to be doing business with you Dr. Batchet,” Regina said. She hopped off the desk. She playfully made her way to the window. A smile curling on her lips, while her mind reeled with the possibilities. Her life. Her legacy.

Unbeknownst to her that at that exact same moment where Rufus and Regina were striking this deal. A carriage adorned with all the signature colors and adornments of the Golden Aurea had prematurely stopped three blocks away from its intended destination. 
Mary didn’t ask why. She just silently cursed under her breath as she finished up stitching up a bit of her arm that had gotten limp. She tucked her pocket sewing kit back behind her ear. All she wanted to do was get her stuff out from the Golden Aurea, go back to the Wasteland, and return to Rufus. Madame Marionette was insane! Because of her, she was locked up! She clutched her chest that held a slight coolness to it thinking just how close she was to being exposed by the inquisition. 
Mary stepped out onto the cobblestones and immediately felt exposed.  A crowd had gathered outside the Golden Aurea, which was weird considering it was midday and Mary knew damn well, the Madame had nothing going on. Mary rolled her eyes as she took note of her tattered performance outfit and bandages on full display. 
“I just want to go home,” she groaned. 
A group of women huddled near a bakery window, their gloved hands pressed to their mouths, their eyes darting to her and away, to her and away. Mary heard the whisper — "That's her" — before she saw the poster plastered to the brick wall beside them.
It was her silhouette. The same one from the playbills. But bigger. Taller. Someone had painted it directly onto the brick in gold leaf, and beneath it, in letters that caught the midday light: Patchwork Mary.
Mary stopped walking. She stared at the wall, at her own shape staring back. The gold paint flaking the edges, as if the city of Aurea had recognized her itself, etched into its very foundation. Before, when she’d walk these streets, she’d been invisible. Just a mess of a woman in bandages and worn boots, hugging the walls, hoping the city didn’t notice her. Not even mentioning she was just trash from the Wasteland. Now—
Now they were looking. 
“Excuse me,” a voice said. 
Mary turned. A boy —maybe twelve, with a cap pulled low— stood with a. Folded newspaper in his hand. He wasn’t looking at her face. He was looking at the bandages on her left arm, as if expecting it to fall off. 
“Are you really her?” He asked. “The Patchwork girl?”
Mary opened her mouth. Closed it. In the Wasteland, children ran from her bandages. Here, this child was leaning in. 
“I—” She started. 
“Because my sister says you’re a witch,” the boy continued, his voice hushed and reverent. “But my da says you can’t be. He says the inquisition wouldn’t let a witch walk away. He says if you came back, you’re just something new.”
Something new. 
The words hit Mary harder than the bullet catch ever could. She looked past the boy to the street beyond where the crowd of eyes were now on her.  To carriages drivers slowing their horses to stare, to shopkeepers steeping outside to watch her pass, Mary cocked her head trying to process just what it was she was feeling. The admiration…how exposed and naked she felt under everyone’s gaze… but her train of thought was snapped by the boy’s next question. 
“Is your name really Mary?” The boy asked. 
Mary looked down at him. She thought of all the names she’d never been called as a child in the Wasteland. The names she’d answered to —girl, hey you, the bandaged one.
“Yes, Patchwork Mary,” she said correcting him. And this time, it sounded like a title. 
The boy wasn’t the only one who stopped Mary either. Every few steps she took, it seemed a new person came to either talk to her, have her sign something, or just stare at her. Eventually, she made her way inside the Golden Aurea. It was quiet here. She felt less exposed and watched here. At least, she thought so, as one pair of eyes were indeed on her. 
“They been there since the night of the performance. And that’s just the ones that showed up. Piles of letters are starting to amass in your room,” Madame Marionette said. She descended down the large entrance stairway of the main foyer of the Golden Aurea. Each step and strike of her cane echoed as she made her way to Mary. “Unprecedented. Unlike anything we’ve ever seen. If it’s not magic, I don’t know what it is we saw.  We look forward to see what Patchwork Mary has in store next. These are but a few of what the critics are saying about you, you know?” Madame Marionette finally reached the bottom landing to meet Mary directly. She peered down at Mary with her emerald eyes as if appraising Mary’s reaction to her words. “So what is ‘Patchwork Mary’s’ next move then? Is she going to give up?”
“You knowingly almost had me killed,” Mary said.
“A calculated risk, but you heard it from Captain Mallory! No magic, no foul,” Madame Marionette said coolly. 
“But I’m not—” Mary said. She made a fist against her chest, crumpling up a section of her outfit where the coldness was at its worst. 
“Funny thing about being human,” Madame Marionette said. She lay a hand on Mary’s shoulder. “In show business, you stop being one anyway. You become more than a person…you become bigger than that. You felt that too, didn’t you? Your first taste of the eyes, the stares, the interactions that revere you! The audience loves you, Mary.”
“They don’t even know me!”
“When did that ever matter?” Madame Marionette pressed. “The point is you’re a star now!”
Mary paused. 
“But you know me!” Mary pleaded, tears streaming down her face. Her hand pressed against the familiar chill on her chest. “You know what I am. I don’t care about them! I believed in you! Rufus believed in you! You were suppose to keep me safe!”
“And I have, Mary,” Madame Marionette began. “I will continue to. Yes, I should have warned you, but would you have gone through with it? If I was honest?”
“Yes, I would have!” Mary shouted. Her words echoed through the empty entrance hall. She marched up to Madame Marionette pointing a finger to the Madame’s furred coated chest. “I have idolized you since I knew I could read the thrown out papers in the Wasteland! I followed your career thinking I could BE you. You were my hero, Madame!”
“Me?” Madame Marionette said. Her eyes squinting at the girl’s words. Madame Marionette eyed her limp leg and cane. “Why in all the continent would you have done that? I shouldn’t anyone’s hero, Mary. You just knew what the paper told you. You didn’t even know me.”
Mary laughed and with tears in her eyes, flashed the Madame a toothy grin. 
“When did that ever matter?” Mary said. “You were my star.”
The two stared in quiet acknowledgement as their similar, but different emerald eyes let the words ring true. 
“I see,” Madame Marionette said. “I had no idea. I’ll be more transparent about the risks you are undertaking. Only if…you choose to stay.”
Mary looked up at Madame Marionette, knowing full well that this was a a world she’d never experienced. She had no way to navigate through it. Whether she left or not, they’d open a Pandora’s box together. She let out a sigh before beaming at the Madame with a flashing a toothy grin. 
“No more lies? No more tricks?” Mary said. 
“To each other? Never,” Madame Marionette said. She then gestured to the doors that lead outside the Golden Aurea. “To them? Hate to break it to you, Mary, but your act is built on lies and tricks. If you stay, I think we’re going to have to commit ourselves to better lies and tricks to show them. Might need more hands on help from the grumpiest Tin Man we know. We got Gillian to compete with after all. That is, if you still want to be me.”
“Sounds like you have an idea for my next act,” Mary said. “It better be good!”