In truth, Mary’s plan had worked. The bullet catch was an absolute showstopper. A deal was signed and dotted immediately. Mary got her own personal residence at the Golden Aurea later that same night. Then came the flurry of people who would comment on her hair, blabber on about make up, discuss choreography, but as soon as they went anywhere near Mary’s body, Madame Marionette stepped in making sure no one came close to examining Mary. She’d merely hand them a paper that Rufus had provided with all the measurements they needed with a timed glare that drove them away. However, it took three days for Mary and Madame Marionette to realize the painfully obvious thing about Mary that, perhaps, in hindsight might have prevented her from boldly plastering a silhouetted poster all over Aurea. 
“Two left feet, no sense in rhythm, and your singing…” Madame Marionette shrugged. “Could be better to be frank. Not the end of the world.”
She paced around the room with a clipboard that, quite frankly, had all the skills that they had discovered Mary was not capable of. Dancing and singing being the chief things listed.
“Why can’t I just do the bullet catch?” Mary glared. She collapsed onto the wooden tiles of the studio them both occupied. Sweat beating down Mary’s brow as she took a long swing of water.
“It was too good. I can’t have people thinking they might actually kill my headliner,” Madame Marionette said. “But it did so me you had star potential! You can do this! You just need to be more like…”
“Like who?” Mary panted.
“Never mind,” Madame Marionette said. “We already announced to the world that I found my star. We will nail this and you will be brilliant. So get back to it. We start at the top of the movement.”
	Mary fell once more trying to do the movements. However, this time, her left
leg snapped off. The room took on a deep chill. No blood erupted from the wound. Just a bed of frost surrounding Mary’s severed limb.
	“This is impossible!” Mary cried.
	“My god,” Madame Marionette said. She rushed over and knelt next to Mary.
	“Are you okay?”
	“Fine,” Mary said. She was quiet as she grabbed her leg scattered across the
ground. She looked at the fibers that were keeping it together originally and gave a sigh. 	“Madame Marionette. My body can’t take the movements dancing requires.”
	“Then there has to be something!” Madame Marionette said. She stood and
paced around. “You can…”
	“Fix it?” Mary chimed. She nodded toward her bag that sat in the corner of
the studio. “Can you grab me my bag? I got sutures in there.”
	“Of course,” Madame Marionette said. She made her way to the bag and
dropped it into Mary’s lap who fished out the needle and thread. Madame Marionette collapsed next to Mary. She buried her head in her hands as she sat, watching in silent awe at Mary repair her dismembered limb. “Take the day we’ll pick this up again tomorrow.”
	Mary only nodded as she continued on sewing her leg back together. 
“You’re quite good at that,” Chuckled a voice beside Mary. It was woman. She looked about Mary’s age in fact. Though, unlike Mary, she wore a cloak and immediately put a finger to her mouth. Mary looked cautiously up at Madame Marionette and Vesper still arguing in the backroom of the Madame’s box. “I’m just passing by. I know the staff. They let me in. I just…need something I forgot here.”
“Well, do you need some help?” Mary said. She put down the dress she was making. Then looked at the young woman closely noticing she too had a pair of bright green eyes like hers. 
“Who were you again?” The woman said cocking her heard. 
“Ah,” Mary began. She remembered she was instructed not to let on who she was to strangers until the grand reveal on the day of her performance. Mary sighed and shrugged. “Just a stagehand. They hired me on not too long ago. Here, do you know what room you’re looking for?”
“Yes, but it seems the room is locked. Would you mind helping me get in? I just put something in a safe place and it’s kind of my good luck charm.”
“Sure. Anything is better than this,” Mary said, nodding toward the Madame’s box where she could have sworn a chair was just thrown within its confines. Though, Mary wouldn’t put it past either of women being capable of such a feat —even the crippled Madame. 
The two woman made their way to the company’s quarters. The mysterious woman didn’t seem like a stranger to the Golden Aurea as she was the one leading the way and commenting on the history and architecture as if she was some tour guide who lived and breathed the Golden Aurea. By the time they reached their destination, Mary had learned about how detail oriented Madame Marionette truly was. How she’d spent a whole month painstakingly trying to find the right hue of gold to adorn a banister or that wings of the quarters were all named after artist from the City of Muse that Madame Marionette grew up admiring.  However, the most surprising bits the most surprising bit was when they reached Mary’s personal quarters door. 
“It’s in here, but they seemed to changed the locks, ouch,” the woman laughed nervously. She then quickly said, “but probably for good reason! I hear they have a new headlining star. I’m am happy for Au— I mean Madame Marionette! But I need to get in here to get something I left behind. Do you happen to have a key in? I would be so ever in your debt if you can do this for me.”
Mary looked at the woman. She eyed the nervous ticks that she made and how fidgety she was being while looking over her shoulder ever now and then as they stood outside this door. Why Mary decided to reach into her pocket for her key? No one really knows even to this day. But she did and let the mysterious woman in. 
“There you go. You know, I don’t usually let in strange women who wear equally sketchy hoods, but I guess I can—” Mary said. She closed the door behind them and the woman in the cloak lifted off her hood. Then the realization hit her. Mary shook her head and crossed and arms. “Of course, you’re Gillian Rose.”
Gillian had already rushed to a loose floorboard and began taking out an old shoebox. It was a bit shabby and had accumulated a bit of dust over it, but with almost laser precision, Gillian found what she was looking for. 
“I am,” Gillian said quietly. Mary peered over to notice it was a pair of old ballet shoes and a stack of letters all tied up. Mary had lived in the Wasteland all her life. Everyone had something like this back home. They called it their treasure and this was Gillian’s. Their most prized possession. For a moment, Mary looked around the room realizing that this probably used to be Gillian’s old room. Gillian…she probably shared the same blood as her. Mary mused that maybe she’d have grown up normal like this if she hadn’t been given up. Maybe Gillian and her would have grown up together. That longing hit Mary’s heart making it heavy that was only snapped back by Gillian’s next comment, “ though I sometimes wish I wasn’t.”
“What do you mean? You have your big show! You are THE star of Aurea right now. Everyone wants to be you right now! Why wouldn’t you want that?”
“Because once upon a time I was just a girl who just wanted to dance because it made my sick mother happy,” Gillian said softly. “The fame and everything…it’s…”
“A bit suffocating,” Mary said flatly. 
“Exactly!” Gillian said. Then her eyes lit up before settling into a knowing smile. “You’re her aren’t you? My replacement.”
The two looked at each other reflecting the same pools of emerald between their eyes. Mary shrugged and gave a toothy grin. 
“Replacement is a bit of a strong word,” Mary said. “At this point, I’m more of an understudy.”
“Cut yourself some credit,” Gillian said. “Do you have a name?”
“Mary,” Mary said. “Just….Mary. Look, sometimes I don’t even know why I’m here anymore.”
“They choose you after I left, you must have some amazing skill. I mean, you are one hell of a dressmaker! I got to say. Knowing you can both perform and do that with fabric. I might even commission you for a dress one day, Mary.”
“That’s the thing,” Mary said. “I don’t. I’m just Mary. Yeah, I can mess with some fabric, but…” Mary paused. “You ever feel like a fraud on stage? Like, it’s not real. You don’t feel real up there.”
Gillian began laughing. It was a nice sounding laugh. The type of laugh of someone who never inhaled smoke in the Wasteland. 
“Of course! I do it all the time. You see how nervous I am!” Gillian said. She took a moment to look at the items in her hands before turning toward Mary again. “Do you want to know my secret?”
“You know, I’m technically your competition,” Mary warned. “You sure you want to do that?”
Gillian waved the comment off. 
“I don’t care. I actually care about this place. I care that it succeeds,” Gillian said quietly. “Honestly, my aunt really hurt me. I know how….difficult she can be at times,” Gillian said slowly. “But I still love her. I wouldn’t have the life I have without her guidance. It’s just…”
“Just,” Mary trailed off. 
“Not for me,” Gillian said. She shrugged. “At a certain point, it felt like I felt like I was faking it until I made it even when I was off stage.”
“Fake it until you make it?” Mary asked. 
“Yeah, that’s what I call it when I go on stage and…act like the star the world sees me as,” Gillian said. “I might feel like one, but I fake it until I’m tricking myself I am. My mother taught me that after one of my earliest practices with aunt— Madame Marionette. I came to her crying that it was too hard and that I can’t take any more of it, but then she pulled me close to her on her hospital bed and said, ‘just fake it until you make it, kiddo.’ It really stuck with me.”
“Fake it until you make it, huh?” Mary repeated. “So that’s how you do it and why you left.”
“I guess I can expect as much from someone who is now currently in my old shoes,” Gillian said. “You get it.”
“Was she always like this?” Mary probed. “The Madame. She’s just so….”
“My mother said she wasn’t,” Gillian said. “But she also said that the Golden Aurea was all she had. As beautiful as it is, it’s just a building, you know?” Gillian paused and shook her head. “So my advice? Stop taking the advice and do what you want. Like I did. When I felt like I was faking it until I make it even in my normal life is when I realized staying here was not for me. So just do your own thing, Mary.”
“Thanks, I’ll take that to heart,” Mary said. “You don’t forget about your good luck charms next time. I can’t promise that your next replacement will be as willing to let you into their private quarters just to pry open a loose floorboard.”
The two of them laughed. Mary this time led Gillian out through a back entrance of the Golden Aurea, but not before Gillian stopping her and handing Mary a ticket. 
“Before I forget,” Gillian said. “I formally invite you Mary to my debut performance. I decided I want you there.”
“I don’t think you understand the word competition,” Mary laughed. 
“No I don’t,” Gillian said. “But I understand what a friend is.”
“Are we friends?” Mary said.
“I’d say we are,” Gillian said. She thought for a moment before nodding. “There are very few people in the positions that we are in. I’d like to be able to talk about it together, you know? Friends.”
“Friends,” Mary said. The word still seeming a bit foreign to her. She took the ticket and watched as Gillian Rose walked away from the Golden Aurea. Not expecting that Gillian’s performance would be just the inspiration she’d need to know exactly what her act would be. 
On the night of the performance it was a sold out crowd. Mary had made a point to leave rehearsal early just to know how to get in and get to her seat since this would be the first performance she’d ever attend. 
If the Golden Aurea was the sun of Aurea, then Balthazar’s Gate was the moon of Aurea. AN obsidian building that somehow tote the line between intimidating, ostentatious and over the top. It had less of the elegant subtleties of the Golden Aurea, but it was the original place where performers went to prior to the creation of Madame Marionette’s Golden Aurea. 
Naturally, Gillian’s face lay front and center above the large entry way leading inside the building. Gillian’s starring role as the fairy. The role that was said to be nigh untouchable to future performers due to the sheer brilliance of Madame Marionette’s original portrayal of it. 
However, Baron Barbossa had a sick sense of humor in performing this particular performance as Gillian Rose’s debut. The inside of the Gate was matte black with red felt flooring that covered the performance hall. Mary took her seat and watched as the lights dimmed and out came a man and in the background a light growing larger and larger like bright light: it was Gillian. But it wasn’t the Gillian that Mary saw earlier. She seemed more. She seemed…larger than life as she danced. Her every action painting another layer onto her performance. It wasn’t until the end when Mary saw the cast and Gillian take a large bow that Mary realized exactly what Gillian meant. She had to make her performances her own like Gillian had. 
She had the perfect idea of how to make the stage hers and only hers.
	
	
