Under the harsh glare of the spotlight, Patchwork Mary stepped on stage. The hushed whispers of the audience ebbed and flowed into an eerie hush as the spotlight beamed down exposing piercing green eyes and a bright toothy smile on a face webbed with scars. Her hands remained bound behind her back.  Next to her was a ladder leading at least two stories to a small platform, and below it, a large  tank of water that she calibrated to self lock upon receiving the exact weight threshold of herself and the water. 
Patchwork Mary smiled and waited just long enough until the audience can get their applause in. They all paid for the show, so it wasn’t like the promise of her performance wasn’t guaranteed. Yet, she played the game of humbly bowing and smiling, while her leg grew numb from the new weight from her latest contraption hidden within her performance outfit. The audience saw art. Mary felt braces that would make her performance perfect.
And it was perfect. 
In a single jump, Mary ignored the ladder entirely and leaped onto the second story platform. She landed in silence, then sound. Always silence first, then the roar.  A brace in her leg screamed. She winced, but quickly bit her tongue and revealed another toothy grin. The audience screamed louder. Blood in the boot, bleeding tongue, but perfect form —that was the bargain. One more scar for one more roar. She’d patch it up later. With that, she free fall backwards into the tank. Everything in the world disappeared in that moment. She heard nothing as she fell. Then water.  The light of the ceiling above her fading into a watery hue. The tank closed as planned as she sank deeper and deeper into the water.
That’s when she saw it. A screw. A loose screw had escaped a joint when she hit the water. To what that screw went to? Mary had no idea. The irony that her life could end on a loose screw was beyond her, but she knew she’d troubleshoot this and still escape. Because Patchwork Mary never missed. 
But then again, she hadn’t always been Patchwork. Before the brace. Before possibly drowning on stage.  Before she knew what ‘sacrifice’ really meant. She was Mary. Mary’s tale is told in a number of ways that don’t quite grasp the big picture. The retellings and accounts serves as patches at best in weaving the peculiar legend of Patchwork Mary. 

However, all these threads begins and ends in The Wasteland with a Tin Man named Rufus Batchet. The Wasteland existed just outside of the city of Aurea. It was a graveyard of failed Tin Men welded together to form the broken pieces of the Wasteland where the inhabitants grew to become almost as grotesque as the buildings they inhabited. It was no place for the rich and the famous. That right belonged to Aurea: The City of Stars. No, the Wasteland was where the city dumped its waste and its failures who couldn’t make it in Aurea —people and items included. 
Rufus Batchet knew one day he too would become part of the many fallen Tin Man that that littered the Wasteland. Lack of sleep and coffee can only take a man so far, while organs can only be replaced by machinery for so long. Rufus made his way to his coffee machine. It was a lovely machine that he’d made his own personal modifications to produce the gallons of coffee a Tin Man required daily. However, that day it lay bare.
“Of course,” Rufus said. He let out a yawn. He stretched over the counter’s edge looking to refill the machine. He ran a hand through his messy brown hair, peeking up at the sunlight  as it pierced through the cracked window. It was morning —that it mattered anymore to a man who couldn’t sleep. 
His face reflected back at him from the cracked glass of his window. He’d grown old. A few streaks of grey in his hair with hastily chopped facial hair marred his face. The lack of sleep aged him faster than he thought. He was forty yet no double people would assume he was at least fifty. 
Rufus Batchet’s eye narrowed. He gave a groan as he limped his way to the cupboard. 
“Now where is it?” Rufus said. His fingers traced the outlines of various empty jars until finally spotting one of the last full ones. He hummed to himself as he went through the motions of refilling the coffee machine and listening to the humming of the machine as it seeping melody echoed throughout the empty workshop. 
“Finally,” Rufus muttered as he took his first sip. His body gave an involuntary sigh as the dark liquid rejuvenated him. His eyes heavy as they surveyed the room full of scattered papers, sketches of hearts, chalkboards covered in equation and notes, and failed hypothesizes surround him. 
All of this —everything that he’d become— and everything he was researching was worth one thing more important than anything. 
A succession of knocks came at the door. Rufus closed his eyes. If he ignored it, he could enjoy the moment of peace longer. In another life, he’d be asleep and ignore whoever it was that was at his door. To fall alspee and wake up rejuvenated was something he didn’t know he’d miss until it was gone. The knocks grew more frantic. 
Rufus sighed. He limped his way to the door, letting a nineteen year old, green eyed woman with a toothy grin tumble her way through the threshold. This Mary had bandages on various parts of her body, but none on her face. Rufus closed the door behind her and continued to enjoy the brew in his hand as she nurse her head as she fell. 
“What took you so long?” Mary said. She then looked up at him with the biggest puppy dog eyes she could muster. “This could have been an emergency! I. Could. Have. Been. Dying.” 
Rufus gave a sardonic smile. 
“You’re being overdramatic, Mary. You been dying,” Rufus said. He took another sip, playing around with the words of his next statement, “I’d chalk up your condition as less of an emergency and more of a chronic condition.”
“Ha, ha, ha,” Mary said. She rolled her eyes. She walked around, running a bandaged fingers against the table and counter surfaces. “This place is somehow dirtier than the last time I was here! I even cleaned last time! What would you do without me, Rufus?”
“I’d have more peaceful morning for starters,” Rufus said. 
“Oh!” Mary exclaimed. “Do you stilll have that loaf of bread?”
“Just coffee,” Rufus said holding up his mug. “You know food repulses me. Why on earth would I have bread?”
“Because I left it here knowing I’d be hungry next time I’d be here. Ah, here it is! I’m starved.”  She peeked her head from a cabinet.Mary took a bite of the stale loaf. Rufus watched as the young woman took a seat at his desk and then rummaged through a drawer that Rufus regret letting Mary even see. Inside were paper clippings and playbills that Rufus kept through the years. For some reason, Mary was drawn to always looking through them whenever she visited him. Her face lit up ever since she was a young girl whenever she read through them. Initially, Rufus supported her interest in the drawer, but overtime he realized it became more than just interest. 
 “Did you know she’s going to have auditions?” Mary said in between mouthfuls. 
“You want to go don’t you?” Rufus said curtly. He limped over and snatched the papers in Mary’s hand. “She runs the largest performance hall in all of Aurea. Thousands will be auditioning for that spot she has. You don’t even dance.”
“Who said I even need to dance?” Mary scoffed. She then flashed a green eyed toothy grin and revealed a gun from her pouch. Rufus held his hands in alarm.’
“Where did you get that? Why did you bring it here?”
“Relax!” Mary said. “It’s completely safe. See, the plan is—”
“Madame Marionette is a very…particular person,” Rufus said, choosing his words carefully. He then approached Mary and helped her lower the gun. “Maybe bringing a gun to the most prestigious performance hall isn’t the best idea.”
“No! You don’t get it!” Mary exclaimed. “She’ll love it! Did you know that she created the Golden Aurea—”
“From nothing and it became the crowning achievement of Aurea,” Rufus echoed back with Mary. Then added quietly, “yes, I know. I was the one who collected all those paper clippings and playbills.”
“And I thank you everyday for that!” Mary said. 
“If you want to work for her so bad, why don’t you stick with what you’re good with,” Rufus pleaded. “Be a costume designer. You’re sewing is second to none.”
“Stitching, you mean,” Mary corrected. “I’m good at stitching. Sewing is something I do because I want to look nice and good clothes cost money, which is far and few in the Wasteland, Rufus!” 
“And obviously, you’re very good at it,” Rufus said. He waved at the outfit that Mary was wearing that day. It was in fact a Mary original. Today was a forest green skirt and black silk blouse. It complimented the white bandages beneath the fabrics. How Mary was able to take scraps of fabric and make them into something usable was beyond Rufus. He just taught her how to mix colors and make her own pallets using dyes and oils. The sewing…well, that was more of a life skill she learned than anything else. 
“Thank you.” Mary gave a sarcastic curtsy. “This is exactly why I don’t want to be a stage hand! I don’t want to be behind the scenes. I want to do what she did! I want to be in the show! I want to be the star!”
Rufus looked at Mary feeling a faint sense of a memory once pass flash and disappear before this eyes, but continued to sip his coffee. 
“So why are you here then?” Rufus said flatly. 
“It’s getting worse,” Mary said quietly. 
“Just give your heart to someone then,” Rufus said coolly. He motioned Mary to his examination table. He reached for his stethoscope and began taking Mary’s breath sounds. He traced his fingers against her bandages. The bandages were just a here and there type of thing, but now the bandages were starting to cover more than 60% of Mary’s body. She wasn’t wrong about it getting worse, but that was expected and had a very easy solution that both were too stubborn to fix. He sighed before transitioning to her heart sounds. Irregular, but then again, there was nothing regular about Mary’s heart to start with. 
“Fine, I’ll give it you,” Mary said. 
Rufus stopped his assessment and gave her a quizzical look. This was a topic that he and Mary had revisited multiple times. 
“We’ve been over this,” Rufus said flatly. “I’m a Tin Man, and you know more than anyone else, that I can barely take care of myself. Let alone be in charge of someone’s heart. You’d outlive me in strides. I’d die and your heart would still break. It’s no life I’d ever want to give you.”
“Then I’m keeping it then.” Mary shrugged. 
Rufus felt a chill coming from Mary’s chest. Rufus put away his stethoscope and ran a hand through his messy brown hair. 
“Please reconsider this,” Rufus said. “The pacemaker won’t last forever. Grimms aren’t suppose to hold onto their hearts for as long as you have. You’re a woman now. Most Grimms give their hearts away as girls. Honestly, how you lasted this long is beyond me, but please reconsider. For all pretense and purposes, you should be dead.”
Mary glared at Rufus. 
“Maybe I have just have a good doctor,” Mary said. She paused before taking a few more bites of her bread before continuing, “besides, he told me he’d make me a new heart and I trust him.”
This was true. Rufus did promise he’d make her a heart after he’d created a custom pacemaker to house the ruby gem that Mary was born with. This was because Mary and all her iterations afterwards was not human, but instead a Grimm. Like other Grimm, she was found in the world with a ruby gem called a heart. However, unlike most Grimm who give their hearts away as girls or they die, Mary stubbornly kept hers almost to the point of dying herself if Rufus hadn’t found her. He’d constructed the custom pacemaker for her under the pretense that it wouldn’t be a permanent solution, but something he’d do until he find a real solution through his research. 
“He did,” Rufus said quietly. 
Rufus looked out at the city of Aurea that lay out beyond the smoky stacks of the Wasteland and then at a week old newspapers on his desk. Sometimes Mary would bring over a paper from Aurea. Not that Gild news mattered to Rufus, but it was nice to see what was going on with the city. However, something caught his eye on the front page. He peered down and then looked over to Mary.
“Mary, you’re not getting any better,” Rufus said. “We both know that. Also my research is going to take some time.”
“I know,” Mary said. 
“What if I can give you a note to give to the Madame?” Rufus said quietly. “You know, just to help your chances?”
“You know Madame Marionette?” Mary exclaimed. She nearly jumped out of her seat and choked on the last of the bread she was eating. “Why didn’t you say anything?”
Rufus held a hand up as Mary was getting a bit too close for comfort. 
“We…were familiar with each other once,” Rufus said. “It has been a long while since we talked though, so don’t expect much!”
“Of course,” Mary said. “Just. OH Rufus this fantastic! I knew you were a fan as well!”
“Hardly,” Rufus said. “It’s complicated, but let me draft it up for you.”
Rufus took a seat at his desk and took a large swig of his coffee before getting some parchment ready. He hesitated for a moment and looked over at Mary eyes narrowed.
“You’re not going to shoot her with that thing are you?”
“Never!” Mary said. “In fact—”
Rufus waved his hands to stop her. 
“I don’t want to know!” Rufus said. He then did something that not even he probably realized. He smiled as he wrote the letter. “Like birds of a feather.”
 

