Under the harsh glare of the spotlight, Patchwork Mary stepped on stage. The whispers of the audience ebbed and flowed into an eerie hush until green eyes and a toothy smile shown through the darkness of the stage. The spotlight beamed down upon the woman on stage exposing the scars that marred her face, the long black suit adorned over a white button down, and matching black suit pants. Her hands bound behind her back with metal restraints. Patchwork Mary angled her feet into second position and descended into an elegant bow as another woman in a flowing dress danced around her. Every moment of the second woman lit another part of the stage until every bit of the stage was illuminated. Patchwork Mary nodded toward the woman as she stood in Mary’s shadow and suddenly disappeared. Patchwork Mary made a quick movement to hide the trap door the dancing woman fell into and she nodded toward the contraptions next to her. Beside her was a ladder leading at least two stories to a small platform, and below it, a large tank of water that she’d calibrated to self lock upon receiving her exact weight with…all her enhancements as she hit the water.
Patchwork Mary smiled and waited just long enough for the audience to get their applause in. Five seconds. No longer than that. That was the the time it took to build anticipation. Any longer and the pause became awkward. Any shorter and the audience felt rushed. 5 seconds gave the audience to get a taste of what was to come, while letting Patchwork Mary take a 5 second look at the sea of shadows that once scared her, but now looked at the crowd like an old friend.
Her leg grew numb from the new weight from her latest contraption hidden within her performance outfit. The audience saw art. Mary felt braces that would make her performance perfect.
“Thank you for staying with us for the show so far. This joint performance between Ms. Rose and I has been nothing short of a miracle, honestly. You all have been the best audience a girl could ever ask for. However, like all great things, it must come to an end. Our next act will serve as our final feat of the night,” Patchwork Mary said finally. “I’d wave, but obviously, that’s a bit hard for me at the moment.” Patchwork Mary gestured to her metal restraints. The audience gave erupted in a quick burst of laughter. “We aim for perfection here at the Golden Aurea, so let us show you what perfect means to us with this last act.”
And it was perfect.
In a single jump, Mary ignored the ladder entirely and leaped onto the second story platform. She landed in silence, then sound. Always silence first, then the roar. A brace in her leg screamed. She winced, but quickly bit her tongue and flashed another toothy grin. The audience screamed louder. Blood in the boot, bleeding tongue, but perfect form —that was the bargain. One more scar for one more roar.
She’d patch it up later.
Her chest pulsed causing Patchwork Mary to stagger slightly, but disguise the movement as another bow. She let out a deep breath. The breath visible and cool. Great for a visual, but Patchwork. Mary knew better of what that meant. She stood tall and walked backwards on the plank. One step at a time closer off the edge until no more plank existed. Instead, she felt herself falling backward. Everything in the world disappeared in that moment. She heard nothing as she fell. Then water. The light of the ceiling above her fading into a watery hue. The tank closed as planned as she sank deeper and deeper into the water.
That’s when she saw it. A screw. A loose screw had escaped a joint when she hit the water. To what that screw went to? Mary had no idea. The irony that her life could end on a loose screw was beyond her, but she knew she’d troubleshoot this and still escape. Because Patchwork Mary never missed.
But Mary hadn’t always been Patchwork. You can say that Mary’s tale is told in another of ways that don’t quite grasp the true story. The accounts and retellings servers as patches at best in weaving the peculiar legend of Patchwork Mary. Because before the tank, before the stage, before the name, before the legend, there was a desperate man who longed for his daughter again.
Rufus Batchet lived in the Wasteland. The Wasteland existed just outside the city of Aurea. Legend has it that the founders of Aurea killed a witch outside the city. The witch then cursed the land outside the city and turned it into a desolate lifeless arid region known as The Wasteland. It was no place for the successful and famous. That right belonged to Aurea: The City of Stars. Whether the legend was true or not, The Wasteland was where Aurea dumped its waste and failures who couldn’t make it in Aurea —people and items included.
All threads to Patchwork Mary’s tale leads back to Rufus and the Wasteland. Because to understand Patchwork Mary was to understand the tin man who created her.
Now every town has a tin man somewhere. The scary scientist at the edge of town that is more machine than man. Someone who ate a hot coal to burn their hearts, thus creating a body with less restrictions. He’ll kidnap you and turn you into one of his experiments if you weren’t a good boy or girl. God forbid you’re late home for supper! Because a Tin Man will grind your bones and blood to make his iron!
Whether it was the witches curse or sheer happenstance, the Wasteland had more tin men than anywhere else on the continent. Dead or alive, the remains of failed Tin Men littered the barren Wasteland as, and over time, their metal bodies welded together to form the very foundation of the buildings where the inhabitants grew to become almost as grotesque as the buildings they inhabit.
Now, Rufus never had the urge to make someone’s bones and blood to make their iron. However, the myth was right about one thing. A tin man didn’t eat and didn’t sleep as those activities impede on progress. Rather, his sleepless body did run on a steady and alarming amount of coffee.
Rufus Batchet knew, like most Tin Men before him, that he too would become part of the many fallen Tin Men before him. Lack of sleep and coffee could only take a man so far, while organs can only be replaced by machinery for so long. At least a good cup of coffee were still a pleasure he could enjoy.
“Coffee. Triple espresso,” a large man in a tank top that had long decided to remain a dusty yellow said as he laid down a chipped mug in front of Rufus.
Rufus gave the man nod.
“Thank you,” Rufus said. To which, the man only grunted and returned to the rest of the orders he had. Rufus’s face reflected back at him from within the dark contents of his drink. He’d grown old. Practically a shadow of his former self. A few streaks of grey had cropped up amongst his shaggy brown hair, while some salt and pepper marred his face. He closed his eyes as his body gave an involuntary sigh as it took the brown liquid into his system. Taste had become secondary to the rejuvenating feeling of caffeine hitting every fiber of his being.
How this became one of the highlights of Rufus’s day? Life truly was strange. Rufus sighed and almost laughed at life’s sick sense of humor as he looked around the dingy diner he sat in. The diner was called Buggy’s. Whether the large man behind the counter who only responded in grunts with Buggy himself, Rufus had no idea. However, Buggy’s was one of the few establishments that existed in one of the fringe inhabitable areas of The Wasteland and one of the even more rarer establishments to not only serve Tin Man, but serve a pretty decent cup of coffee.
He reached into his pocket and grabbed a pocket watch with large crack at its center. Despite the crack, the pocket watch was nice. It had a large ruby gem at the center with the words: Live and Let Live etched below it in some fancy script. It ticked quietly. Looking at it was both a comforting action and one that made Rufus pause and reflect if all he was doing was truly worth it.
Whatever revery or second guessing Rufus had, was however interrupted by a man who slumped down directly to his left. He was not quite as large as the man behind the counter cooking and serving drinks, but still large man in stained overalls. But unlike the cook, this man wore large thick gloves as were the hallmark of rummagers.
“You’re the doctor?” The man grunted.
Rufus blinked. Why people still called him such was beyond him, but it didn’t stop him from feel the tinge of pain for his former life every time he heard it.
“Yes, I’m going to take a wager you’re the rummager I requested. Mister…” Rufus said. He laid down his cracked mug. He gave a sigh of hesitation and unsureness. “Ikabar Bobolar Boze?”
“You really are a learned man, doctor,” Ikabar said. “Not many get it right on the first go. You can call me BoBo. All my friends do. ”
“I think I’ll go with Ikabar,” Rufus said. “Do you have what I asked for?”
Ikabar gave a nod and kicked at the large burlap sack that sat behind them at his feet.
“Not exactly an easy grocery list, doctor,” Ikabar said. “Gruesome stuff. Lot of trash to rummage through, but your man BoBo here has got you.” Rufus only nodded as he took another long sip of his coffee. Ikabar, on the other hand, just looked Rufus up and down asking the one question everyone asked in the Wasteland. “So how’d you end up in the Wasteland?”
Rufus winced at the question.
“Life just didn’t go my way,” Rufus said.
“Ah, so a woman,” Ikabar said with a knowing nod.
Rufus gave a nervous laugh.
“You can say that,” Rufus said. He laid down his chipped mug before continuing. “But I don’t…blame her for what she did. If that makes sense. I understand why she did it. I just can’t…you what forget it.”
“You’re a complicated man, doctor,” Ikabar said nodding at the sack between them. “With some rather gruesome hobbies.”
“Your daughter,” Rufus said abruptly. “Give her this twice a day. Once in the morning and once at night and her fever should subside in a few days. If she sweats, make sure to give her a change of clothes or just wrap her in a warm blanket as the clothes she wore dry. Make sure she doesn’t stay cold. I also wrote the instructions on the paper wrapped around the veil.”
Ikabar took the little container with the droplet. It was one of the last pieces of medical equipment Rufus had, but it was a worthy trade to not have to rummage to get materials himself again.
“Thank you, doctor,” Ikabar said.“I’ll be sure to stop by the workshop to thank you. They told me you were scary, but mainly they told me you have a soft spot for helping kids. I am in your debt. You a father as well?”
“Once,” Rufus said quietly.
“Well,” Ikabar said as he pointed a large sausage finger at Rufus’s chest and narrowed his eyes. “You. You are now a friend of BoBo’s. If you need rummaging, just call good ole BoBo.”
“Will do,” Rufus said. He finished up his coffee and nodded at the large man behind the counter that he was leaving payment before turning his attention to Ikabar. He reached for the burlap sack. Rufus gave a groan feeling it was heavier than he’d expected, but he was still able to lift it. “Now! I must be my way. I have to finish what I started.”
Rufus gave a coarse cough as he stepped outside into the Wasteland. Dust clouds shot by with the latest breeze. He pulled up a bandana over his mouth as he struggled to carry the burlap sack back home. Rufus watched children cough and kick bags of trash around, while adults sat listlessly with a far out look. Some just cried all day. Crying was a normal occurrence, especially to the new residents of the Wasteland.
Rufus simply shrugged it off and made his way to the workshop. It wasn’t the prettiest, but it was home. A mesh of almost expired medical equipment and drugs that he manage to bring with him and scrap metal and cracked blackboards and tables he managed to find that served as his desk. Though, at the back of the workshop was a dirty decommissioned operating table with large rag draped over what he called his life’s work.
Rufus gave a sigh and began to lay down the burlap sack at the foot of the operating table. The bag dropped with a thud with the opening revealing severed body parts. If there was a time to stop and give up what he was doing, it was then.
He walked over to his desk and opened a drawer full of crumbled up performance bills all bearing a gold insignia on it stating: Golden Aurea. He leaned back into his chair and smiled as he looked over each bill. Some ranged from years and years ago to some relatively recent performances. He sat down the performance bills and peered to the bottom of the drawer. At the bottom was a single photo. It was a faded photo he kept from his former life. It was of him, clean cut, bright eyed in a doctor’s coat with a young woman with bright green eyes next to him smiling brightly for the photo.
“Oh life you fickle bitch,” Rufus said. He shook his head. “I guess it’s showtime.”
He sat down at the stool and began taking limbs and measuring them. Some would just get tossed into a bucket, while others he’d give a nod and start stitching the limb to the thing on the operating table. The operating light overhead would occasionally flicker and the job was grusome enough to cause Rufus to cringe and flinch at times as his consciousness reared its head into his mind at how crazy this all was. But he’d done the calculations. It was doable. The science was sound.
Stitch after stitch. Limbs upon limbs that were meticulously measured and sized before Rufus deemed usable. Then came the machinery of it all. Rufus wore a face mask as he started wrenching and soddering bits of the chest. Sparks occasionally singe the limbs that lay on the table. The head remained covered, but that he knew wasn’t done yet.
The chest cavity he called the pace maker. It was what made the whole project possible. He knew every bit of teach he had said that this was insane and highly unethical, but he continued to work. He then reached for a jar of green eyes that ebbed and flowed in the liquid. Rufus disinfectanted tongs before applying the eyes into their sockets.
Then came the moment. Rufus reached inside his pocket again and pulled out the ruby gem.
“Mother, I know you wouldn’t approve,” Rufus said quietly. “But I need your help one last time.”
He looked at the ruby gem before slowly dropping it into the chest cavity of the pace maker. He then took his sutures and began sealing up the chest. He lay a sheet over the body on the operating table and then grabbed an old defibrillator. He started the charge. Almost out of habit he said, “clear” with each pulse he gave the body.
Three charges before the a pair of green eyes flickered open.
